The biggest reason why your tweets aren't performing well is because of a bad hook. Understanding and fixing your hooks will make or break your account. It'll either allow you to go viral whenever you want or it'll make you get zero impressions. I know all this because we've driven over 10 billion impressions at our agency on Twitter. And we see the same tweets over and over again making the same simple mistakes that not only crash your reach but also kill retention. And as a result of this, the algorithm mutes you. So today I'm going to show you some real examples of tweets that have bad hooks and how we can fix them. And then I'm going to show you some examples of good hooks and how you can implement the same strategies for yourself. So I wanted to pick out tweets from people who are probably not taking Twitter super serious but are well known on the internet and then improve upon their hooks. I don't want to alienate anyone and just like say, "Hey, your content's trash." So the first example is from a guy named Mark Tilbury. He's an influencer in the business space. You might know of him. And I picked out this thread from yesterday as of recording this and it says, "I'm a millionaire. If you suddenly become rich overnight, do these seven things. Now, the reason this hook is not good in my opinion is one, I'm a millionaire isn't really that extravagant anymore. Especially on Twitter, you have to look at the level of market awareness in terms of the hooks that you're writing. And someone just saying I'm a millionaire, it doesn't really stick out anymore. I think nowadays like a millionaire is like the new 10K a month. I know it sounds like an overexaggeration, but when it comes to actual content, everyone's just desensitized. So just saying I'm a millionaire kind of isn't enough. Now I think if you were going to go for a hook like this it would have to honestly be like I'm a billionaire. So the reason it doesn't work is just it's just not extravagant enough. So it's not going to stand out and it's more importantly not going to stop someone from scrolling. And the second bad part about this hook is if you suddenly become rich overnight do these seven things. So there's a couple things wrong with this. Number one, the second line has nothing really to do with that first line and being a millionaire and then if you suddenly become rich overnight u they don't really go together. So becoming rich overnight is also just super unlikely. I think this thread is more likely to get dunked on and kind of mean than it is to get actual authentic engagement. So I don't like that transition. And I don't like the I'm a millionaire hook. I think for that first part to work again, it has to be a billionaire. And I think for that second part to work, it have to be like what you do if you win the lottery or like if you were to get rich, how you'd save money on taxes. But a way I would probably rewrite this is something more along the lines of, and if you actually look at the context, don't tell anyone, don't stop working, pay off your debts, don't lend money. Yeah. So like it looks like the thread he's actually trying to build is like what you would do if you have some money or you stumble across some money. So he's kind of competing in that like Dave Ramsey realm. And then you probably want a transition sentence. H, you know, would be a really good hook for this actually. something along the lines of like, you know, those statistics where it's like 99% of people who win the lottery go broke or kill themselves or something like that. Like I'd probably put a statistic like that in the hook. Um, those do really well. I actually just had one go viral on LinkedIn with a statistic like this. Putting a statistic then I would say you stumbled across a million dollars or if you became a millionaire, this is how you would actually manage it. I think that would be a much better hook for a thread like this. And as you can see, I'm definitely going off the cuff here. I didn't prewrite any of this. I want to kind of show you how my brain works and how I would just do this on the fly. Everyone's teaching you tactics. Nobody's teaching you the game beneath the game. Here's what I noticed after 20 plus years. Most entrepreneurs are playing checkers while small group is paying chess. I remember why I picked this one. Um the reason I picked this tweet is everyone's teaching you tactics. It's it's not really the way to use an everyone hook. So when you say everyone, you're essentially grabbing a massive TAM. You're going to be casting a very wide net, but then when you follow it up with something that doesn't actually follow up with that wide net, it doesn't really work. So, I wouldn't have used this as the hook for this particular post. And I also wouldn't do something like this where like most entrepreneurs are playing checkers while small groups playing chess. It's very cliche. Everyone can say this. It doesn't really mean anything to me. Um, and then nobody's teaching you the game beneath the game. So, what he's saying actually has substance in my opinion in this. So, the body is fine and the message is fine, but I think the hook is just not quite good enough. It's probably why it didn't perform very well. Yeah. Only about 3,000 views. Let me just think of how I would actually rewrite this and then we'll get back to this. So, here's how I would probably change this. I would start with 20 plus years of business in a nutshell and then a colon. And that would be my hook. And the reason I would start with that is because that is something that when someone's scrolling their feed, there's not a lot of people that can say 20 plus years of anything. So, 20 plus years of business in a nutshell makes me think, okay, maybe I'll actually want to engage with this post. And then if I wanted to continue with the cliche, cuz I do think he makes some really good points, I would say maybe chess, not checkers in all caps. And then below that, I would say chess or checkers manage their time. Chess manage their energy. Checkers optimize their funnel. Chess optimize their psychology. And I would kind of go this like chess checkers chess checkers thing. And then I'd probably finish up with a little bit of what he said down here with like five daily non-negotiables. That would be a much stronger hook and it would actually be basically could operate as a standalone tweet and you could also redo another one with this long form as well. This is very direct responsey as it is. So that's how I would rewrite this one. I think that would actually bang for him. Dan, if you're watching this, put that up. Um, and Carlton. So, I just came across Carlton at a mastermind recently, and so he was top of mind for me. So, I looked up some of his tweets. Again, none of these people are taking Twitter super serious in my opinion. I think they would probably agree with that, which is why I don't mind picking them up. He says, "You have the exact same tax code as Donald Trump, the Obamas, and the Clintons. Real wealth isn't about just making money. It's about learning strategies, blah blah blah." So, looking at the hook, you have the exact same tax code as Donald Trump. I would say you can copy Donald Trump. You can copy Barack Obama. you can copy Hillary Clinton or Bill Clinton, whichever Clinton you choose. That'd probably be like three straight lines. And then I would go into this like real wealth blah blah blah. That would be a much stronger hook. Number one, it's directing completely at you. And he kind of already does this, but it's going completely at the reader saying you can copy somebody. And then you're just building or borrowing the authority from Donald Trump, Barack Obama, Hillary Clint. And someone yells at me and says you can copy Donald Trump. I'm like wait what? Or like you can copy Barack Obama. I think that is a much stronger hook for this kind of tweet. Now, I want to get into some good hooks. And there isn't one formula for a good hook. In my opinion, there's hundreds, if not thousands and thousands of different viral hooks that you can use. But if you're a beginner, you want to kind of master a few frameworks and then slowly start experimenting every day with some new stuff. So, the purpose of this is to show you what a couple of good hooks look like and just trying to learn some of the intangibles that you can apply inside of your content. So, I'm going to give you some examples of some outlier tweets and some bangers that we pulled directly from our internal swipe file. Um, so you know what's working right now. By the way, if you want a swipe file that's made for you, we created a couple of low ticket products that are for like the 99% of people who don't qualify for our agency. So, if you want to check that out, I definitely recommend clicking the link in the description. Again, 99% of people don't fit for our agency. So, we made a couple of these products like a 100 viral hook, swipe file, a virality calendar, and a couple other things. So, definitely check those out if you're interested. If not, let's jump into these hooks. Okay, so the first hook I just pulled was from this guy Advance. He says, "Chris Williamson is undergoing massive toxin-induced mental health issues." So, I pulled this from Vance. This is actually very similar to the format I was just talking about. It's got that borrowed authority. So, he's starting with Chris Williamson, um, a well-known person in his space. He's honestly a well-known person in all spaces, but specifically even in the health space, too. So, I think if you say a borrowed if you use borrowed authority and then follow it by a super super hot take or just something super shocking like massive toxic induced health mental uh mental health issues. That's a great way to capture attention in the first line and then you follow it up with a listicle like this and that is how you're going to retain that attention that you just captured with the hook. And then obviously you want to go on to say something actually useful. Second one I pulled here is from this guy Shubvani. Signs of high vibration. People stare at you. kids like you, animals feel safe around you, etc. So, it's a nice list. I really like that he picked seven. Seven for me is my favorite number, but I think it's just a really good number for a listical. Now, this is a really interesting thing. It's not necessarily with the hook, but this is what we call a waterfall structure. What a waterfall structure is is when you actually order your list in order of how long the length of the sentence is. It kind of creates this little bit of a waterfall staircase looking structure in your list. Now, he didn't obviously do it perfectly like that, but you can see it's very aesthetically pleasing. And for me, it makes me stop and actually read it. The other one is just a super straight to the point hook. Signs of high vibration. Very straightforward listical. I've said this many times on this channel, but there was a study done last year of two of the top high-erforming pieces of written content on the internet. And this is across all written content on the internet are listicles and how-tos. So definitely recommend taking advantage of these like super direct response listicles. Here's another one from Dan Go. Very, very similar format. We've got the waterfall structure that I just mentioned for supplements aging parents to take. Really key point that I wanted to point out here and this is an outlier for Dan Go. So keep that in mind. Obviously like yeah Dan has 800,000 followers but for him this is definitely an outlier post. And when I say outlier it means it just performed better than usual for him. So it's like a top 1% if you're like a YouTube guy for supplements. So obviously it's starting off with a number which is a great tip when writing your hooks. And then another one is getting my aging parents to take. So, for me, this is a high TAM list. And what I mean by that is the total addressable market is literally going to be everyone that's reading it. Um, who doesn't have aging parents, right? Like, in my opinion, anyone who's going to be using this, like probably 80% of the platform has aging parents. So, for supplements, I'm getting my aging parents. It takes like who doesn't want their parents to live longer. So, it's just a massive TAM casting a wide net. It delivers on that value right away with a list and then it transitions into here's why and actually writes a thread relating to it. But that first tweet could have been a standalone tweet and still performed super well. And that is another great tip when writing thread hooks is make your thread hook look like a standalone tweet. So this is a tweet from Sahil here. Obviously another one who has a ton of followers. This is a huge outlier for him. Like 3 million views. I think he has like 1 million followers. Everyone needs to hear this. What he's doing is casting a massive net. Literally, everyone needs to hear this. And now you can kind of juxtapose this with the everyone tweet that we went over in the bad hook section. And you can see this is how it's done correctly. Everyone needs to hear this. And then it's an actual life lesson that everyone could and needs to hear. This is a really, really great hook when using media. You can do this with pics from Pinterest. You can do this movie quotes. You can do this from charts. You can do this from anything. So for him, he's been promoting his book and he's been rinsing this style a lot lately and it's just crushing. So, this is a really good format, but it's just the fact of casting a wide net and then actually delivering on that value. Lastly, we've got Jason Applebomb. Um, this guy's like a legend on money Twitter right now. Everyone, this is another example of the everyone hook done correctly. Everyone on the planet should read this book and come to grips with understanding. It's super super powerful. He even goes with the all caps. Everyone casting a wide net and then actually delivering a book that everyone should and can read. Extreme Ownership, great book. Um, I actually have Joo's quote tattooed on my arm. Discipline equals freedom. Everything that happens to you, good or bad, is your own fault. So, the lesson with this one is that not only is he hitting everyone on the planet with a book that everyone can read, but he's also saying uh tying it together with a quote or tying it together with a hard-hitting fact of everything that happens to you, good or bad, is your own fault. Um, so this is just another really good example of actually casting that net and then delivering on it. Me personally, I haven't used the all caps everyone or the all caps everything, but this is something I might actually try. Uh, so if you see any viral tweets from big influencers using this style, uh, that was us. So yeah, hope you guys get the point. Feel free to leave some of your hooks in the comments and I'd be happy to help you rewrite them or just give you my general thoughts to see if it's good, it's bad, if there's anything I think you can improve. It's important to remember that just cuz you write a good hook doesn't mean it's going to go viral. I think the algorithm is just constantly changing. But the most important thing is to get really good at a few different styles and always run experiments in your content. So, hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you got some value from it, please subscribe. I'm uh putting content out every single week just like this. Hope you liked it. Hope this helps.