I gained 10K followers on Twitter in the last 30 days, which helped me get to over 30K followers. And in this video, I'm going to show you the exact free strategies that I used so you can also gain 10K followers on Twitter. So, we first need to talk about the tweets that you should be writing. I'm going to show you the 10 best tweets that you can write. But before that, I'm going to show you how many tweets I posted and how many tweets you should post. So, this is what my Twitter content schedule looked like. I used the tool Hype Fury, which you can check out in the description, but I basically posted eight times per day for the last 30 days, so that's 240 tweets. It works really well for me, but for most people, this is definitely overkill. So, here's what I would recommended you to do instead. Post three times per day on these times, and if you have a little bit more time, add a fourth or a fifth one. But it is probably overkill. There are more important factors like what you post and a few other growth strategies that I'm going to cover later in this video. But let's talk about the best tweets that you can post. I'm going to show you the 10 best tweets that I've posted this month and I'm going to show you why it worked so you can also use it for yourself. The first one is the transformation post. The first thing that stands out here is that I use numbers here and this instantly grabs attention and it implies a transformation. Then I have a repetition here. He's failing. He's failing. He's failing. He's failing. And then I have a pattern interrupt here. So in this way I show the transformation. Then we have the hogless takeaway. a really original name, but it's exactly what it is. You start with a short hook, then you have a list of three or five bullet points, and then you have a short takeaway or lesson at the end. The next post is an interesting fact. So, I start with grabbing attention, then I give the fact, and then I give some extra perspective or an extra lesson based on that fact. Next up is the metaphor. Everyone knows this sentence, but here I kind of expand on it a little bit, and then I relate it to the reader and what they can learn from it. Next up is the contrast and this is one that I use a lot. You can either contrast two types of people or two ideas. Then we have the same text here and then we have how they differ. That brings us to the motivational post. The first thing that stands out here is the repetition which decreases the effort it takes to read it. Then we have the rule of three. So three different but related things. And then we have a short motivational lesson based on this information. That brings us to the try post. This is where you compare three different things. So, in this case, working, thinking, and behaving, and all of the other text is the same, which makes it easier for people to read it. Next up is the comparison post. This is where you compare two different things with each other and show how they're related and how they're different. So, in this case, I emphasize that school makes you a great memorizer and that writing makes you a great thinker. This kind of challenges the idea that you need to go to school to become a great thinker by emphasizing that you mainly learn to memorize there. Then we have the 8020 rule. This is where you take a concept and then this is where you take a concept. So in my case the game and then you say 20% of it is this and 80% of it is this. And this shows the most important aspect of this topic. So that brings us to the call out. This is where you start with a common excuse or something that people say a lot. Then you disagree with it and then you reframe it to something that you actually think it is. So in my case I think discipline is a choice and in this way I show that. I touched on a few writing strategies like the rule of free and repetition, but there are a lot more writing strategies that you need to know to optimize your tweets and I won't cover them all in this video. So check out the free ebook in the description if you want to learn more about it. So that brings us to the second strategy. This is the follower funnel. So people are strangers when they first see your content. Then they see either your tweets or your comments. Then they click on your profile. And if your profile is optimized, they become a follower. So you need three different things for this. But at the start, you won't have organic reach outs. So your tweets aren't reaching people, which means that you have to force eyes on your content. And you do this with quality comments. If you leave a lot of quality comments, you get a lot of profile clicks. And if your profile is set up right, you convert a high percentage of that into followers. So let's talk about how you can do this in the most efficient and effective way. So, when you're on Twitter or X, you can go to lists over here. And then you have your lists over here. And then you go to create a new list over here. Then you call it the comment list or Pokédex or however you want to call it. And now you you make it private. Now you have the lists. When you have your list, you go to a few big creators in your niche. So in my case, this would be Deno. Then I go to add/ remove. Then I add them to the comment list and I click on save. And I do this for about 10 or 20 big creators. And then you go to the recent posts of the big creators. And you click on it. And there you have a lot of people inside of it. And you can click on their profiles. And then you can do the same and add them to your list as well. And you do this for about 100 people, 20% big creators and 80% small creators around your size. Once you've done that, you go to pro.x.com. Then you click on add column. Then you go to the list. And then you go to your comment list. Now it's only DO right now. But if you've added a lot of people, then they will all be here. Let me quickly show you what it looks like with a relist. So this is my relist the comments. As you can see, we have replies right now. And that's really inefficient. So we want to go to search posts and then we want to filter it out. As you can see, right now it's in chronological order. And this is good because you get more from comments on recent posts because then they have a longer life ahead of them. So that's how you leave comments efficiently. So let's now talk about the best comments you can leave. I've left over 30k comments and I analyzed all of them with a tool and I'm now going to show you the eight best performing ones for me so that you can copy them and save a ton of time while still getting the same results. The first one is a personal insight. So this is where you give a personal insights related to the topic of the tweets. The second one is a platitudes. This is sort of a short lesson that you give related to the tweets. The third one is a personal take. So this is where you give your own opinion on the tweet. The fourth one is sharing an idea related to the tweet. The fifth one is sharing a personal experience related to the idea in the tweet. The sixth one is sharing a relevant story. Doesn't need to be about you, but it can be. The seventh one is making a short joke. And the eighth one is saying something thought-provoking, again related to the topic that they talk about. That's the most important thing. It needs to be relevant to the tweets and it needs to add something to it. So here's what an action plan looks like. You can do 20 comments three times per day. That's the most effective. If you do more, you will grow more, but it's really boring to leave a lot of comments. So yeah, if you can stick to this, then you will get a lot more tweet impressions. The most important things are that you leave this amount of comments, that you do it via pro. Twitter.com, and that you write highquality comments. If you don't have a good profile, then you won't be able to convert the traffic that you're getting into followers. So that's why it's crucial that you optimize your profile so to convert as much traffic as possible into clients, customers, and followers. And as you may guess, this profile right here didn't do that. But after I changed it to this, I gained significantly more followers, email subs, customers, and clients. And I did this by optimizing the following eight factors. I'm now going to show you how you can do the same so that you can also gain much more followers and customers. The first one is your profile picture. And this one is important because people see this before they click on your profile. So it needs to be a clear picture with a good facial expression. It's also best if you have your brand colors in it so that it instantly gives off your vibe and shows something about your brand. I recommend just emulating one from someone that you like. I like the picture of Hubberman because of the brand colors mainly. So, I picked something similar. Next up is your bio. In your bio, you need to include a few different things so that it's clear for people what they can expect from you when they hit the follow button. The first one is what you do. The second one is how you do this. The third one is who you help. This can be a bit generic if you make this one and this one specific. Then any social proof related to this and projects that you're working on. And then a way for them to gain more help if they like your advice. That brings us to your banner. And this is something that a lot of people over complicate. The main thing about your banner is that you need to give off your vibe with it or that you need to show off something that you're working on. So, I went for the first one here. It kind of gives off a minimalistic vibe with the black and whites. A little bit of design and some simple words to kind of show what type of topics I cover. You can also show your newsletter, something that you're selling, something that you've achieved, or even an image that gives off your vibe or what you do. So these are some ones that I also liked. This is from someone I know and this is from former clients I had. All right, so that brings us to the pinned post. There are three different ways you can go with this. And the one that works best for me is usually the expertise one because here you kind of show your expertise to people by covering important strategies related to the thing that you're teaching them. So this instantly helps you build trust and helps you build up your authority because you give people practical and valuable strategies that they didn't know yet. This can also help you grow because if people get value from you then they will hit the follow button because people don't care about you but they care about what you can do for them. The personality post is where you share more of a story so that people get to know you better ideally with some lesson so that there's an incentive to read it and this can help you to grow and to build a connection with your audience. And then we have the authority post in which you basically give a case study of how you helped someone achieve an outcome that your ideal reader would also like to achieve. And this helps to build trust and it builds up your credibility and this can help you to make more sales. So that brings us to Twitter blue. And the main thing the blue tick does is influencing people's perception of you. If you have a blue tick then it looks much more credible, trustworthy and professional. It's like dressing well for work or for dating. You don't need it to be successful but it will definitely help to improve people's perception of you. And the blue tick is the same. It just makes you look more serious. And it also has a few other benefits like being able to write long form posts and posting longer videos, having a higher ranking in the comment section, being able to edit posts 1 hour after you post it in case you misspell something, and having fewer ads. So, if you're planning on taking this serious, I would just get a boot. Then, the following ratio. As you can see here, I've reversed the followers. And as a result, this looks like a follow for follow account at best because it has way less followers than following. But if you have it like this, then it gives you positive social proof and this gives you negative social proof. So this will increase your profile conversion rate. So the amount of people who click on your profile and become followers and this will reduce it. So you need to be mindful of this ratio. At the start, you can follow more people than you have followers because you start with zero followers. So, you kind of have to to get the ball rolling, but you want to have more followers than following as fast as possible. Then we have the profile link. If people like my content here and I don't have any links here, then they might hit follow, but some of them will forget about me after that. But if I have a link here of, for example, a course that I have or my personal website, then they can click on that. Then they can read my articles, sign up to my newsletters, and check out my products. So if people are interested in you, which they are if they hit the follow button, then it's very useful to also have links on your profile so people can get more from you. And the next part is your username. You want to use your own name or something related to your niche. I started with this username and it isn't that bad, but I didn't really talk about stoicism except for some mindset insights. So this is not a really smart move and that's why I changed it back. If you do these three things, you'll also be able to gain 10K followers on Twitter. However, 10K followers doesn't equal 10K per month. In order to monetize your audience, there are three more things that you need to do. So, check out this video next. explains the exact strategies that I've used to get to 10K per month on Twitter so that you can do the same but in less