So, as somebody who has over a million YouTube subscribers on my main channel, I've been writing scripts for years. And especially when I first started my YouTube channel, I would spend sometimes up to 40 hours a week writing scripts. But what most people don't know is how I transformed from spending 40 hours a week writing scripts to just a few hours a week and eventually no time at all on my main channel. And by the way, these aren't just any scripts. These are scripts that became viral and grew my YouTube channel to over a million subscribers and making up to $325,000 a month. Because yes, I've been on both ends. I've been the person who spends a crazy amount of time on scripts. In fact, I've spent hundreds of hours on a single script before just to see the video bomb. Then I've also been on the other side where I spent less than an hour on the script and the video went viral and got millions of views. And because of that, I've been able to identify what actually matters when it comes to script writing. And that's exactly what I'm going to be telling you today, the stuff that actually matters. So whether you already have a YouTube channel business or you're just starting out, this is going to be great for you. In fact, even if you are an advanced YouTuber, you're going to get a lot out of this because I'm going to be talking about the most important stuff that you should probably be spending more time on and spending less time on the other stuff that doesn't matter. And in this video, you're going to learn why scripts matter, what types of scripts are best for you, the three-step 30inut YouTube script formula, how to integrate AI into your script writing, and not just any AI, but the absolute best AI and the best way to use it, how to research content for your scripts, and how to produce great scripts when you don't have time to do it yourself. And then at the very end of the video, I'm going to demonstrate how I write a script. So, I'm literally going to show you step by step exactly how I write a script and do it live. Now, this script writing system that I will teach you has been implemented by other people in different niches with great success. So, this isn't just something that only works in one niche, right? Because you might be thinking, well, I make content in this niche or that niche or I make content with this type of format or that type of format, so it might not work for me. No, this script writing method works in all different types of niches and all different types of formats. For instance, Shawn grew from 30K a month to over 500K per month in revenue. And he uses this exact script writing format that I'm going to teach you. Whiz closed over 100K per month worth of deals. And he said that almost every sale that he got this year, YouTube had been a part of their journey. And he uses one of the visual script writing methods that I'm going to talk about. So, if you appreciate me doing this type of content, let me know by gently tapping that like button. And let's jump into it with talking about first, why do scripts matter, right? Why should you even spend your time writing scripts? First of all, scripts make sure that you actually deliver value. Now, value is kind of this nebulous concept. It's kind of difficult to say what value even is because value to one person might be different from value to another person. For instance, some people really like visual aids. Some people like it when you write stuff. Other people like it if you show a lot of data and evidence. But with that being said, no matter what your version of value is or what your audience's version of value is, writing a script is going to ensure that you're able to deliver that value in the way that you want to. Additionally, well-crafted scripts help to retain viewers longer. And this is also known as increasing watch time. And watch time is incredibly important because when people come to your video, the amount of time that they spend watching your video or watching your content in general is going to be a signal to the YouTube algorithm that you make good content. And so anything that can increase your watch time is going to be a good thing. Now, additionally, and this might be the most important thing is that writing scripts makes your content sticky, right? It makes your content memorable and engaging because instead of trying to think of stories and anecdotes or ways of making your content easier to consume off the top of your head, you can write that into a script and it just makes your content sticky. And we're going to go into deeper detail on exactly how to do this later on in the video. Now, another thing I want to mention is you can be a master of whatever subject that you're talking about, but if you aren't able to communicate those ideas to other people in a way that they understand and emotionally resonate with, then they won't watch or take action. And because of this, you won't get views and you won't make money. So, scripts matter to effectively make money on YouTube. But there are many different script types out there. So, you might be thinking, what method should I use? And yes, there are a lot of different script types out there, but generally speaking, you need to understand that a script can be a lot of things, but a script is a guide. Most YouTubers don't read their content word for word, especially if they're talking head YouTubers that look directly at the camera. There are a few exceptions, but even if you write things out word for word, usually when you deliver the content, you're going to kind of improvise because this makes the content come across a lot more natural. Whereas, if you do read things word for word, it's going to take a lot of practice for the content to come across naturally. Now, you might think of news anchors, for instance. Some news anchors, they sound very conversational. It sounds like they're kind of just talking to a friend. And then other news anchors, you can tell that they're reading off of a script, right? They're reading off a teleprompter and they're reading it word for word. And of course, with practice, you can read things word for word off of a teleprompter if you want. But a lot of the times, the script is just going to be a guide and you'll end up saying things in your own words. Now, one of the most simple examples of a script is just simply a flashc card with bullet points. And by the way, this is a method that I still use to this day. So, if you think this is a basic method that you shouldn't be using, I use this method to this day. And a lot of clients that I've consulted with also use this method. And it's literally just a flash card, right? I have a flash card right here actually from a video that I made the other day, right? And I use this method all the time. This is especially good if you're talking about something that you're already an expert in and you're basically just riffing, right? You're basically just doing what I like to call a yap session and kind of talking off the top of your head and you just want a little bit of help keeping things organized, right? Maybe a reminder to tell this story or get into that point, etc. Right? So, it's kind of like a yap session but with a little bit more organization. Now, additionally, one that's very similar to this is doing the same exact thing, but doing it on a whiteboard and then you put the whiteboard behind the camera. So, with the flash card method, you know, you might put the flash card in front of the camera or above the camera or I guess you could put it down here, but the problem is is you're probably going to be looking down and it's going to be really obvious that you're looking at a script. Sometimes that doesn't matter, but you know, it's just preference. But with the whiteboard, you can just, you know, put it on a stand behind the camera and then you just look above the camera and you'll see the whiteboard. It can also be a flowchart or what I like to call a visual prop. So this is basically, you know, a flowchart. Here's an example of me using this on the screen right now. This is a mirror board. And again, it just keeps things organized. So obviously, I'm not going to read the flowchart word for word. I'm going to look at the flowchart. I'm going to see the words on it. And then I'm just going to riff off the top of my head. And again, it's just a way of keeping things organized. And in some cases, you might show the flowchart on camera or you might have the editor put the flowchart in post-prouction or you might not show it at all. It's just a flowchart that is for your reference. And with the flowchart, there's several different ways of presenting it. And I'm not going to go deep into how to present the script because this is about how to make scripts. But you could put it on the screen and then you're looking at the screen like I'm doing in this video. Or you can actually just put the flowchart on a teleprompter that's right in front of you. It could also be a Google Doc, which could be a full script or bullet points. So, here's an example of me using a Google Doc. And in this particular case, I'm actually sharing the screen as I use the Google Doc. And you can have a Google Doc that's white, or you can actually just black out the Google Doc and have white text, which is easier for you to read. And again, you could have the full script or you could use bullet points. Now, this is a very common method and I would say this is the most common method that I've used throughout most of my YouTube videos on my main channel. And then it could just be a slide presentation just like this one. So, this is literally what I'm looking at right now. Now, you can just read the slide. This is what I'm doing. Or if you wanted to, you could actually put notes in the notes section and then present the slide in presentation mode where you can see the notes but your audience can't see them. Now, there's a lot of different presentation software out there. Of course, you could use Google Slides. That's what I'm using right now. Then, of course, you've got PowerPoint and Keynote for Apple. I like to use Google Slides just because it's very easy to share the slides and make edits with your team. Now, along with the type of script that you use, there's another way of categorizing scripts, and that is the format of the script. And some of the main script formats are listicles. Here's some examples of listicles. And you can see that I use these on my main channel all the time. But there's also how-tos. Here's some examples of how-tos. And this is basically how to do something. And then very similar to how-tos are step-by-step guides. And step-by-step guides are also similar to tutorials. Typically, how-tos are going to be more like high-level overviews of how to do something. Whereas step-by-step guides are going to be doing something exactly as you would do it step by step. So just as an example, in this video, it's a how-to at first, but then at the end, I'm going to show you a step-by-step guide where I'm literally doing the script with you on the screen. Then you've also got documentaries. Here's a few examples of these. And these are usually a series of events that explain a topic that is happening or has happened. And then you've got news style content. And this is especially popular in certain types of niches like personal finance. And it usually starts off with some big news and then sometimes it morphs into other types of content, right? So a lot of the time it'll start off with a big news and then it might morph into a how-to video or a listical style video. And here are some channels that often times do make new style content. And there's honestly many other types of formats, but generally speaking, if you're making educational content, these are going to be some of the best ones to make because they can get a lot of views and they can also convert people. However, there are other formats of scripts. For instance, you've got challenge style videos. Mr. Beast makes a lot of these. An example of this in the educational niche would be BASA. There's also podcast videos, which are pretty obvious. Those are very similar to interview videos. And then you've got case study videos where you break down how you, one of your clients or someone who's really well known in your industry achieved some type of outcome. However, one thing is certain. Every format at its core is actually just a listicle. Think about it. Books are made of chapters. And what are chapters? They're basically just lists. Essays usually there's an introduction, there's three main points that you make, and then there's an outro. What is that? It's a list. Step-by-step guides, there's usually a series of steps that gets you to an outcome. What is that? It's a list. Even movies, they usually follow a 12act structure. And each act has three subp parts to it. And what is that? It's a list. It's a list of 37 different parts. So everything at its core, when you really break it down, and if you're really scientific about it, is a listicle. And that is how I write content, right? Whether I'm creating an actual listicle or I'm creating another format of content, I basically create it always as if it's a listicle. And this is what I always recommend to my clients because it makes it very attainable. Right? It makes it very obvious what you need to do in order to achieve the final outcome that you want. Right? You break the content down into a series of steps to get from point A to point B. And those series of steps are a list. Whether it's a how-to video or a case study or a challenge video, it doesn't really matter. At the end of the day, it's a listicle. And for this exact reason, we're going to be using listicles for the rest of the video. All right, so now let's talk about the types of listical scripts. First, you've got opinionbased listicles. And these are where you give your opinion on a list of things, and it's very obvious that it is your opinion. So, here are a couple examples. You've got the most useless degrees. This is one of my best videos. It's got, I think, over 4 million views now. and it's me basically giving my opinion on what degrees in the United States of America are quote unquote useless or the most useless. And then the second one is the eight hardest majors in college. Obviously, this is going to be an opinion-based video as well because the hardness of a major is subjective. Then you've got factbased listicles. So this one on the left, 19 work from home jobs that you can do at night. It is a fact that you can do these jobs at night, right? because we looked up in the video actual examples of job listings of companies that are hiring these jobs at night, right? So, that's a fact-based listical. Then on the right, we've got the highest paying college degree video. Again, these are facts that you can look up online. You can look at government websites or data that's available online and it is a fact that these are high-paying college degrees, right? College degrees that might make you a millionaire, right? And again, that is a fact, right? It's not something you can argue. Now, generally speaking, when it comes to whether you should make opinion-based listicles or fact-based listicles, it really depends on whether you're an expert on the subject or not. And honestly, you can do both. But if you're an expert on the subject, you can definitely make an opinion-based listicle. So, just as an example, I went through the entire college system and I got a doctorate, right? So, I know a lot about the US college system because I went through the entire thing from the bottom all the way to the top. And so I'm a bit of an expert on the college system, right? And so I'm able to make a video like the most useless degrees and I have authority on the topic because I got a doctorate. Then on the right, you have the hardest majors in college. Again, I took a pretty hard major myself, so I'm a bit of an authority on the topic. And by that time, I'd already established myself as an authority in the niche as well. So I was able to make that video and people automatically knew that I had authority on the subject because I'd been making videos on it for a couple years. Then fact-based listicles on the other hand are a bit different because these are better if you're not an authority on the topic, right? You leverage other authorities like a government database or data that is available online from a big company such as glass door. If you want the best of both worlds, just create a hybrid listicle, right? So most of my best performing videos are actually hybrid listicles. So I do present a lot of data and facts and things that you can verify and look up online, but at the same time I give my opinion on the topic as well. Right? All right, so the top five college degrees that are actually worth it. I provide a lot of data and facts in that video, right? Numbers that you can look up on government websites like the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Same with the middle one, 13 best remote jobs with no experience needed. And same with the one on the right, 17 work from home job companies always hiring worldwide. I present facts and data and statistics, but at the same time, I am giving my opinion on the subject as well. And I think this is the best of both worlds. And whether you are going to be data or fact-based or just opinion-based, if you do both, you are going to satisfy both audiences. Audiences that want data and facts and audiences that just want your opinion as someone who is good at the topic or someone who has researched the topic. So, how do you actually format the script? Well, let's talk about the basic structure of a script. Now, the first thing I want to have on a script is a title. And by the way, sometimes I will initially have a title, but then later on change the title. And then I also want to have a purpose for the video, right? What is the actual purpose of making this video? And what I mean by purpose is what action do you want the viewer to take after watching your video? So just as an example, the purpose might be that you want them to take an action of downloading a free resource that will help them to further get the results that they're watching the video for in the first place. So, in the case of this video, I actually have a free resource down in the description and the pin comment below that will have a bunch of different examples of successful scripts that we've made and supplementary resources that will help you to make your own successful scripts. So, definitely click that down in the description and the pin comment below to check it out. So, every video that you make should have a title and a purpose, and that's something I put at the very top of the script. And then the next thing that I always have is an inspiration video. Now, the inspiration video can be from your own channel, or it could be from somebody else's channel, but this inspiration video should be a guide to the script writer and the video editor as well as the thumbnail designer on what type of video you're trying to make. Now, this just helps everybody to be on the same page. You might also put some notes under here just describing kind of what you want with the video editing style, what parts of the inspiration video you like the most, etc. but it basically just keeps everyone on the same page and it makes everything a lot easier. So, I have an inspiration video for just about every video that I ever make. So, just as an example here, the inspiration video is a video that did extremely well a few months ago. We got millions of views in just a few months with this one. And it was nine boring but high-paying remote jobs always hiring in 2025. And you can see I kind of have this sad face and I'm not looking at the camera. And then I made a second video that's quite similar. And this is nine boring but guaranteed remote jobs. No interview 2025. Not exactly the same, but pretty similar. And then also I have this kind of like sad boy look on my face where I'm looking down and I'm not looking at the camera. And I have the same exact words on the thumbnail. Boring remote work. And I have a number amount as well. And you'll see that even the way that I edit these different videos is quite similar if you were to go and click on them. So I almost always have an inspiration video at the top of the script writing document as well. Now the next thing that I write is the intro. And usually I will actually write this separately from the script itself. And the intro will determine if people continue watching your video. This is one of the most important parts of writing a script. And you need to have a great intro and hook. Now this particular video I used as an example because the intro wasn't very good. And you can see that right away in the intro it's lower than the typical video. The typical video intro and average view duration is the gray shaded part. And then this video is the blue line that's under that. And you can see that the blue line is pretty consistent with a normal video. The only thing that was wrong with it was the intro itself. So if I had a better intro in this video, it likely would have performed really well. And the sad thing is the intro is one of the most important things. You could have a phenomenal video, but if your intro sucks, people are going to click off. that's going to send a signal to the algorithm that the video sucks and then nobody's going to end up seeing it, right? So, you need to make sure that you have a great intro and hook. Now, I go into deep detail on exactly how to write the intro with what I like to call the holy trifecta. Because in my opinion, when you write the intro, you should make the thumbnail, the intro, and the title at the same time. These are the three parts of the holy trifecta. And the reason why I like to write them at the same time is because you need to make sure that they are all congruent with each other. There's a certain vibe or aura that the thumbnail, title, and intro are going to have. And the person is going to see the thumbnail first. Then they're going to read the title. And then if they choose to click on the video, they're going to watch the intro. And you want to make sure that all three of these things are congruent with each other. And the hook is the most important part of the intro because you want to hook people with the very first line. You want to get them interested. You want to get them intrigued by the video. And we have extensive training on exactly how to do intros and hooks. and that is in the holy trifecta section. With that being said, usually if I'm in a hurry, what I'll do when it comes to the intros, is I will have my favorite AI, which right at the moment is Claude, write five to 10 intros for a video. Or I'll have my script writers do this, and then I choose which intro I like when I'm recording the video. And sometimes I will model this intro based off of the inspiration video. All right, next is keyword or keywords. And this is the main keyword or keywords that I'm trying to rank for with the video. And because of the fact that I'm trying to rank for this, it's oftentimes going to be in the title, in the intro, and in the description. So, this is a key part of YouTube SEO, is to put your main keyword in the title, preferably close to the beginning of the title, in the description, preferably close to the top of the description, and then repeat it a few other times in the description as well. and in the intro itself. So, within the first minute of the video and usually repeated a couple times, too. And again, I found that if you just have the keyword at the top of the script, it's going to be easier for everyone to be on the same page and remember to include the keyword in those areas. And of course, you've got the body, right? So, after the intro, you're going to go into the body of the script. And for this part, I'm going to go over my 30 minute YouTube script formula. And this is how you can make really good YouTube scripts in 30 minutes or even less sometimes. And this is a simple three-step formula where we only focus on the most important aspects of making scripts. And an overview of this is first you outline the major parts, right? So you're going to list key items for the script. Then you're going to identify main points for each item. And then you're going to fill in all the important details with things like anecdotes and additional content. Right? So this is basically just a way to remind yourself to tell stories, give anecdotes, and important things like that. And this is kind of what it looks like on a zoomed out level. You're going to start with the outline. Google Docs actually makes it quite easy to do outlines. It even has the outline in a tab on the left. Then after you've written the outline, you move on to developing the content skeleton. This is where you write in some of the major points that you want to hit on. And then finally, you fill in the details with some of the really important things that are going to enrich the content. So this could be things like screenshots from glass door. So that's showing the proof. So this would be kind of like the factbased part of the listicle. but also filling in details like stories, anecdotes, and things that really enrich the content. Now, you can see the examples on the screen, but we're going to go through an exact example literally step by step on the screen live later on. So, for the purposes of this video, so it doesn't take too long, we're going to move on to the next step, which is integrating AI. And this is going to make your life significantly easier. Now, when it comes to AI integration, right now, the king AI is Claude. Claude is the best AI by a mile when it comes to writing content. However, I'm making this video in such a way where you can use the templates and the prompts with any AI out there. Right? So, if a week from now some other AI ends up being better than Claude, you can use the same exact prompts and templates that I'm going to be talking about in this video and that I include in the description in the pen comment below on that different AI. But right now, Claude is the best by a mile. There are a few exceptions and I'm going to talk about them very quickly. If you are making new style content, I have found that Grock is really good as well and it's simply because it has a massive unfair advantage because Grock is connected to X or Twitter and whenever some type of news comes out thousands and thousands of people talk about it immediately on X and Twitter and Grock is directly connected to that live realtime content. So, Grock can be exceptionally good if you are making news style content or if you're making any type of content where you need real-time news or up-to-date data. With that being said, when it comes to the actual writing portion of the content, Claude is the king and it's not even close. Claude is the best by a mile. Now, many users expect to input one prompt and receive a polished, readyto-use script. And you can do that. You can input one prompt and you'll receive a decent script. But the key to unlocking Claude's full potential is engaging a series of targeted prompts, each refining and building upon the previous output. And I'm basically going to show you both examples in this video. So to get started, set up projects in Claude. And this can be accessed in the sidebar. Now Claude does have a free version. I believe in order to use projects, you do have to use the paid version of Cloud. I think it's about $20 a month. Then you want to give the project a name, and this will become your knowledge base in creating scripts. Now, once you've created the project, you can upload knowledgebased files from your drive or you can paste them via text into the add content section. And the great thing about this is that once you've created the projects, you can just reuse and or shift between each of them depending on what you're working on. And we'll get into exactly what we like to upload into projects. But before we get into that, I want to talk about what's known as CGP or context goal prompt. So, whenever you're writing a prompt, especially when you want to get a really good output from the prompt, aka writing a script, you want to format your prompt in such a way where you put the context first, then you tell it what the goal of the prompt is, and then the prompt itself. And the prompt itself would be exactly what you want it to do, right? So, it's basically a command. So, here's an example of context. I'm a YouTube script writer within the niche of finance, specializing in personal finance education for millennials. I'm working on a script for a video titled Five Unconventional Ways to Boost Your Credit Score in 2025. My content style is informative yet casual, often incorporating pop culture references to make complex topics more accessible, relatable, and understandable. Right? So, that is context. You are giving it the context of the situation. You're telling it who you are. Right? You're a YouTube script writer. you're within the niche of finance and you specialize in personal finance content for millennials and you tell it what you're working on, right? You're working on a script for a video titled five unconventional ways to boost your credit score in 2025. And then you tell it about your content style and what you typically do with your content. And by the way, providing context is crucial for getting accurate and relevant responses from Claude. You have to identify your role, be specific in your niche or topic area, and state the exact video title and subject of what you're working on. Next is going to be your goal. And this is the part where you state your objective for the video. You want to be specific with what you want. For instance, do you want to educate, entertain, do you want to solve a problem? Then you can mention the target metrics like retention. And you can describe the tone and the voice that you want to achieve. So do you want to be professional, humorous, conversational, etc. And you can reference a specific creator that you like. And usually this creator is going to be very well-known and popular. So here's an example of me doing this. My primary goal is to write a full-length video script that demystifies credit score improvement, presenting unconventional yet effective strategies. And I need the script to be written in a way that encourages audience retention through curiosity hooks, open loops, anecdotes, and any other methods to keep the audience watching. Now, the script should maintain a balance between being informative and entertaining, similar to the style of Graham Stefen, but with my own unique twist. Right? All right. So, this is where you basically tell it what your goal is, like what you are trying to achieve. Then you move on to the actual prompt. And this is where you give it a command, right? You tell it what you want it to do. So, you'd use action verbs to direct Claude like write, create, or generate. And this is where you can reference a project, like a transcript of a video that you want to emulate. So, here's an example. Please create a new and unique script for my video, Five Unconventional Ways to Boost Your Credit Score in 2025, which is over 10 minutes long and provides deep value. Additionally, please take the sample in the project knowledge titled How I Bought a Tesla for $78 per month from Graham Stefen and use that as a template for the tone and feel of the script. Now, additionally, you could use your own scripts as a template. This is what we almost always do in our team. However, I'm assuming that you don't have a bunch of scripts and a bunch of templates that you're really happy with and so you can use a script or template from someone else. Now, generally speaking, you would want to use a template from a video that has the same format as your video. So, in this example, I am making a listical video, five unconventional ways to boost your credit score in 2025. Now, the video example that I used is actually more of a how-to video, but the way he constructs it in the video itself, it comes across in listical style. So, typically I would find another listicle. However, in this particular case, he basically constructed it in listical style. He did it kind of step by step like lists. And so, it's fine to do it that way in this particular case. So, here's all three of those things put together. And if you already have a list, right, if you already have an outline, then you can customize the prompt however you want, right? For example, if you already have a list of items that you've researched and you want to cover in the script, you can make changes to the prompt section and add that in. So, you don't have to do this, but if you want to customize it more to your specific knowledge, aka if you're already an expert on the subject, then I do highly recommend doing this. Additionally, you can do a mixture of both where you include some of your own items, but then you prompt it that it can add in other items as it sees fit, right? So, you could have five of your own list and then five more that it can add in itself. Next, you can also tell it to create an outline. So instead of creating the script right away, you can tell it first to create an outline. Now, I personally like to do this just because I think that the final product is better if you create an outline first. And this would be a prompt for that. So, please create the best possible outline for my video, five unconventional ways to boost your credit score in 2025, which is over 10 minutes long and provides deep value. Additionally, please take the sample in the project knowledge titled How I Bought a Tesla for $78 per month from Graham Stefen and use that as a template for the tone and feel. Now, one thing that I should quickly mention here is do not plagiarize other people's work. You can use it as inspiration or use it as a template, but don't tell it to copy someone else's work, obviously. Now, when you use the YouTube script formula and the CGP framework together, magic can happen. Okay, so this is a very, very important slide. So, make sure that you pay attention. So, on the left side, we have the project knowledge part. Okay? And I'm not going to show the exact project knowledge that I use for my first channel because my competitors could come on and literally just copy everything. However, I am going to show you an example of the project knowledge that I would use for my second channel. So, this is a B2B channel. This is a channel where the target audience is business owners and advanced YouTubers. So, at this part, I would put in customer psychology. So, this would be things like the customer avatar, right? what is the avatar of the people that I'm actually talking to, the type of people that I'm making content for? And I'll actually have an example of that pop up on the screen as I'm talking about it. And I'll also have examples down in the description in the pin comment below that you can check out. Now, on top of the avatar, I might have things like demographics and psychoraphics. So, demographics is generally speaking, you know, who is your target content for? You know, is it for males? Is it for people from the United States? What is the age of your audience? Are they millennials, for instance? And sometimes, what are their interests that are related to the topic that you're talking about? And what are their interests outside of the topic that you're talking about? So, for instance, people that are interested in business are very likely also interested in making content because that is a way of acquiring clients. But outside of that topic, they may also be interested in self-development, biohacking, neutropics, diets like the keto diet or the carnivore diet, etc., etc. And I go over exactly how to figure out what your audience demographics are and psychoraphics in other videos on the channel. Additionally, I put another one here that are books that I like, right? So, these are books that I really enjoy and I reference in my content. Then I put another example here, Getting Leads from YouTube. So that would be specifically for the B2B audience. And this is instructions on exactly how you can structure B2B content in order to generate leads from YouTube. Then here is a guide on how to make great B2B content for YouTube. Then I've got proof, which is testimonials from my clients along with descriptions from the testimonials. Right? So there might be a video testimonial. I would put the transcript of the video testimonial and a description of where that person came from, what type of outcome they achieved, and any context that goes along with that person's situation. So, was the person struggling with making content, were they struggling with hiring people for YouTube, etc., etc., that type of thing. And this allows the AI to read the person's situation and then use those testimonials and examples and integrate that into the content. Right? So, are you seeing how powerful this can be? Then you've got the Shane hummus story and life timeline. And this literally tells my entire life story and it allows the AI to tell anecdotes and stories from my life that go along with the content. And then I've got the Shane Hummus philosophy, which is basically my entire course, but it's kind of shrunken down a little bit that gives my philosophy on YouTube specifically and how to get clients from YouTube. And then additionally, I have the YouTube monetization YAP session. And this is where I basically just talk off the top of my head. So in this particular case, we're talking about YouTube monetization for this particular project. And I had a YAP session where I basically just talked off the top of my head to one of my script writers about what I want to include in the video, generally speaking. And then they can also ask me questions and then I continue yapping about that. So it's really easy for me to do because I'm just yapping off the top of my head and then they're asking me questions and then I'm yapping a little bit more and it's very conversational. And then they can use that yap session. they get a transcript from it. You can use Fathom for instance or there's a lot of other different types of AIs where you can get transcripts and then you include that in the project knowledge, right? So, you could probably see how unbelievably powerful this is. This allows you to make your content go from maybe like a six to an 8 out of 10 to when you use the project knowledge a straight up 10 out of 10. And by using this you can see that you know intro to credit scores. It makes an outline here where it shows you know brief explanation of what credit scores are in 2025. A mention of recent changes to credit scoring models. Share a quick personal anecdote about how your own credit journey started. Set expectations. Right? These methods might seem counterintuitive at first, but stick with me and I'll show you exactly how they work. And then the black part here is actually what Claude came up with. And the blue part is where you could actually go in and then insert your own anecdotes. And that's assuming that Claude didn't insert really good anecdotes, right? So if it didn't insert anecdotes that you like, then you can go in and insert your own anecdotes there. Right? So the black part is explain the little known method of self-reporting income to alternative credit bureaus. The blue part would be insert personal anecdote. And then I think this is the best method of 2025. Then it goes back to Claude's part. Step-by-step process for setting up accounts with alternative reporting services. Identify suitable reporting services, self-rren reporting, evaluate select services, cost, registered for chosen service, verify payment history, monitor your credit reports, and keep in mind this is just an example of what it would look like. Some people wouldn't want to insert that much. Some people would want Claude to do everything. And then others would just want to insert a little bit here and there. And then show real examples and screenshots of before and after credit reports. Show my screenshots, my credit report for 2024 and now in 2025. Right? So these are things that you can do that AI can't do. Right? AI cannot take your credit report from last year and your credit report from this year and then insert screenshots. That's something that either you have to do or one of your script writers. But that gives you an advantage because the things that AI can do, it does do. And the things that only you or your script writer can do, you do. And those are things that most other people are not going to be doing. So that can set you apart. And then Claude also says down here, include a hook for method number two. But if you're looking for an even faster way to boost your score, dot dot dot and on and on. And doing all of this will allow you to create hyperargeted content that inserts personal anecdotes, your philosophy, and even testimonials from your clients into the content. Then you can use the filled out outline for the CGP prompt. And this is going to be massively helpful for generating the best possible scripts for Claude. Right? So Claude on its own with zero extra context just if you give it an example and you set up the project knowledge can probably deliver like an 8 out of 10 script. But if you include these extra things like personal screenshots, stories from your life, etc., that is how you can get it to a 10 out of 10 level. And this is what my script writers spend most of their time doing. Now there's no reason for me to have my script writers add stuff that Claude can do on its own. what they spend their time doing is coming up with screenshots and doing stuff that Claude or AI can't do. And so you should do the same, right? Everything that Claude can do, you should have it do. And things that it can't do, you should do on your own or have your script writers do. For example, this video right here currently is the second most viewed video on my main channel, and it's pretty close to being number one. And if you can view the video, you can see how good it is. The hooks, the engagements, it provides so much value for the target audience. And the truth is about 80% of this was written completely by Claude. The other 20% the script writer basically researched actual items. They put screenshots in and they gave direction to the video editor. Then after putting it into Claude, a few edits and revisions here and there. The result was a banger video. So in this particular example, finally you would want to combine everything into one prompt. All right. So we have the prompt using the CGP framework that we used before. We have the outline that Claude helped us to make and then we attach that outline back into Claude and it'll look something like this. And this will result in a really good script that covers exactly what you want to talk about. And in using this, you've drastically reduced your time in script writing and you still have creative control over what specific topics that you want to talk about. So this allows you to maintain your authenticity and your honesty while still using AI to do the lion's share of the work. And again, towards the end, we're going to do a live walkthrough of making a script. So, I'm going to show you exactly how to do this step by step. So, if you're a little confused at this point, just bear with me. And also, you can do it along with me at the end. So, after you create your script, you also need to add in calls to action. And calls to action are where you direct the viewer to take a certain action. So, an example of this, the most well-known one is hit the like button. And by the way, you should definitely be doing these during a video. And you should be doing multiple of them because they will significantly increase the amount of engagement that you get on your video. So for instance, I usually say this one exactly, hit the like button at the very beginning of the video and I usually integrate it into my intro. And the reason I do this is because it's a minimum viable action that they can take in every single video. Think about it. They can't subscribe to your channel in every video, right? They can only really subscribe to your channel once. They also can't buy your product multiple times. Typically, they're only going to buy your product one time. Now, they could technically share every single one of your videos, but chances are they're not going to do that because it's too much work. However, they can hit the like button and every single video that they see every single time. And any psychologist will tell you that the best indicator of future behavior is past behavior. So, if they hit the like button, that means they engaged with your video. They are no longer a passive viewer. It is a two-way conversation where they are actually engaging with your video. And you want to encourage this as much as possible because if they continuously engage with your video, aka hit the like button on your videos, then they're going to be more likely to do everything else that you want them to do. They're going to be more likely to click the links in your description. They're going to be more likely to share your video. They're going to be more likely to subscribe to your channel when you ask them to. And they're going to be more likely to leave comments on your video. And this also makes people like you thanks to what's known as the Ben Franklin effect, which is a psychological principle in which people like someone more after doing a favor for them. So when someone hits the like button on your video, they're more likely to like you and they're more likely to do other things that you ask them to do in the future as well. So some YouTube experts out there will tell you it's a waste of time to ask people to like your video. It doesn't actually make that much difference in the algorithm and instead you should ask them to do XYZ. And usually these YouTube experts don't have a million subscribers on their channel and they haven't built several sevenfigure businesses from their channel as well. So they're basically just paring other things that they hear when in reality hitting the like button is one of the absolute best calls to action because of the fact that it's a repeatable minimum viable action that they can do on every single video that will lead them to doing the other actions that you want them to do as well. And this is why almost all of the biggest YouTubers and the most successful YouTubers in the world ask people or really tell people to hit the like button in every single video. Now, another really good call to action is telling them to comment below. Now, this is one that I really like to do, especially in certain types of videos, because it gets people to engage in your comment section. It gets people to read the comment section, which increases the average view duration of the video, and it adds social proof to your videos. When people see other people commenting on your videos, they're more likely to watch and comment themselves. And additionally, this is especially effective if your video is a little bit controversial because a lot of the time, people will basically start kind of arguing with each other or debating with each other in the comment section. And this almost turns your video into like a mini forum where people will actually come back to your video over and over again to comment or debate in the comment section again and again. And this will of course send a signal to the YouTube algorithm that your video is really good because people keep on coming back over and over again. So the call to action to comment below can be very powerful, especially in controversial videos. And by the way, comment below what your favorite call to action is, and maybe it'll spark a debate. See what I did there? Another really powerful call to action is to tell people to share the video. Now, the algorithm absolutely loves this because if you think about this from YouTube's perspective, they want as many people on YouTube watching YouTube as humanly possible. So, when people that are currently watching YouTube share the video with somebody else who is not currently watching YouTube and then that person starts watching YouTube, the algorithm absolutely loves this. They didn't even have to waste an impression like showing the thumbnail to somebody who's already on YouTube. Your video is essentially getting people who are not currently watching YouTube to watch YouTube. So, from an algorithm perspective, sharing the video might be the single most powerful thing that you can have people do. Now, the algorithm loves this, but it's also difficult to do, right? Most people are not going to want to share the video because that requires them to actually go off of the platform, you know, maybe go onto some type of messaging platform and sharing it with someone else. But with that being said, if you can think of a person out there who could benefit from this video, maybe a business owner or a YouTuber who you want to know their opinion on the video, then go ahead and share this video with them. Right? So that would be an example of me doing a call to action to do this. Now, by the way, one thing you might notice is when I do the calls to action, I usually don't ask people to do it. I tell them to do it. And I found that when you tell people to do something, subconsciously they are way more likely to do it. So that's another pro tip is when you are doing a call to action, tell people to do it. Tell them to hit the like button. Tell them to share the video. Tell them to click the link in the description in the pin comment below. Tell them to comment. And tell them to subscribe. Now, another good one is to tell them to subscribe and ring the notification bell. Now, I think this one is really powerful when you first start your channel. And the reason for that is because when you first start your channel, what you have going against you is what's known as social proof. So, when someone clicks on your video and they see that you only have a few hundred subscribers, they are very likely to just click off of your video because of social proof or the lack of social proof. However, if they click on your video and they see that you have hundreds of thousands of subscribers, they're much more likely to give you a chance and actually watch your video because they see that hundreds of thousands of other people watched your content and they thought it was good enough to subscribe. And so for people that are just starting on YouTube, I do love this call to action, telling people to subscribe. Now, you'll probably notice that on my main channel, I very rarely do this. And the reason for that is because I already have a million subscribers. I don't care if people subscribe. In fact, I honestly could not care less. I got to a million subscribers, and unless I want to try to go for 10 million, I truly do not care if more people subscribe to my channel or not. So, this is currently my least favorite call to action, but it's still recommended to newbies to get their first 1,000 subscribers. Now, after you have your first 1 to 10,000 subscribers or so, I don't think it matters nearly as much. But with this call to action, I'm usually going to put it five plus minutes into the video as I only want people with good long attention spans to subscribe to my channel because those are the types of people that I want to be watching my content. So, if you made it this far into the video, go ahead and subscribe and hit the notification bell. below. Right? That's an example of me doing a call to action. Now, another really good call to action is to tell people to watch another video. Now, there's two different ways you can do this. If you tell somebody to watch another video during your video, not at the end, it's going to be called a card or an info card. And this will pop up at the top right of your video. Now, in my opinion, this isn't as good because you're going to get people to stop watching your main video when you do this. However, if it really makes sense, for instance, if you're referencing another video where you dive deeper on the subject, this can make sense. However, the most powerful one by far is to tell people to watch another video at the very end. And you should be doing this in every single video that you do every single time because this is going to get people to binge your videos. And this is an amazing call to action and should be done at least once in every single video at the end without failure. So, you should direct them to another video that they're likely to enjoy. Either one that has performed well or one that you're proud of because you put a lot of work into it or one that has to do with the subject of the video that they're currently watching. So, let's just say that I made a video about how to make titles for your YouTube videos. Then, at the very end, I might say something like, "Titles are extremely important, but if your thumbnail isn't good, people are never even going to look at your titles." So, if you want to know how to make really good thumbnails, then click right here. Right? I might say something like that at the very end of a video. Now, one important note on this is, especially when it comes to your end screens, I recommend that you give zero warning, right? Don't give any warning that it's the end of the video. Just go straight from the last point of the video to a segue that gives context to why they should click on the next video. And don't give them any warning or any hint that it's the end of the video. So, one thing that I see people doing all the time, this is a massive mistake, is they'll say something along the lines of, "Well, that's my list, guys. I really hope you enjoyed the video." And the moment they say that, people are going to be clicking off the video immediately. Right? So, do not give them any warning that the video is over. So, as an example, I was talking about remote jobs that they can apply for in this video, and then I lead them to watch another video that I was also talking about remote jobs that they can apply to. and I don't give any segue or any warning that the video is over. Comment below. Plus, check out this other video of remote jobs that you can apply to that are really good. This video absolutely blew up. People loved it and you can check it out by clicking right here. And then additionally, you'll notice that there's an end screen where there is arrows pointing towards that video telling them to watch it. So yeah, super super powerful call to action. You need to be doing this in every single video every single time. And then finally, the ultimate call to action, because this is how you actually make money on YouTube, is to click the link in the description and the pin comment below. Now, this makes a huge difference in the amount of people that click on your links. You might think that you can just, you know, put a link in the description and lots of people are going to click it. But the truth is, if you don't tell them to click the link in the description in the pin comment below, chances are they are not going to click it. And just by simply telling people to click it, you will increase the amount of people that click it by 5x. This makes a massive difference. You absolutely have to be telling people to do this in every single video because clicking your links means more money for you. And if you're afraid to sell people on stuff directly in your video, that's totally fine. You can have what's known as a lead magnet where you give them something very valuable in the description in exchange for their email. And then you can give them more value via email and then later on sell them something via email. But you absolutely need to be collecting emails or telling them to get off of YouTube at some point. Now, it's very important that you don't do this at the very beginning of your video. The earliest that I would ever recommend to do this is 3 minutes into the video. Typically, in a normal video that's, let's say, 15 minutes long, you would do it around 5 to 7 minutes in. Now, additionally, because of the fact that more people are now watching YouTube on TV screens than on their computers or even their phones, I highly recommend also leaving a QR code on the screen. This way, people can scan that QR code with their phone and it'll take them to the exact same link that they would go to if they were to click the link in the description and the pin comment. And notice that I don't just tell people to click the link in the description. I also tell them to click the link in the pinned comment below as well. This gives them more options for what they can click and more people are likely to see it if it's in the pin comment. Now, the thing about putting something in the pin comment is when the video launches, you do have to have somebody that's there live to post and then pin the comment. So, that's the one downside of doing that is you either have to do it yourself or you have to have somebody on your team do it for you when the video launches. Now, additionally, we've done lots of different split tests on this, and if you have one link in your description or one link that's at the top of your description, that is going to significantly increase the click-through rate overall. So, you'll notice that we oftent times have multiple links in our description on the main channel, and that's because we've been doing this for years and we have a lot of social proof. But generally speaking, I highly recommend just having one main link that you want to drive people to because this is going to significantly increase the amount of people that click on that link. So typically on my second channel, I usually only have one link in the description or at least one link at the top of the description. And the link that you put at the top of the description is actually extremely important because it's what's known as above the fold. Aka, they don't have to click more in the description to see the link. So, by following these rules, you are going to get a significantly higher amount of people to click the link in the description, which means you are going to make significantly more money. We're talking sometimes like five times more money than if you just had it in the description, but you didn't have a call to action. Hey guys, quick break. I'm in the process of editing this video right now, and I realize that a lot of you are probably thinking, Shane, if I make people go to a link, where am I actually going to send them to? I don't have a website or a landing page or anything like that. Well, the crazy thing is you can make a landing page exactly like this in about 10 minutes with High Level. High Level has all these templates built in. You just pick one, swap out the text, add your own images, and you've got a professional landing page that converts. And it's not just landing pages. You get the whole damn system. Email marketing, SMS, automation, payment processing, all the stuff you need to actually run a business for just $97 a month. And if you use my link in the description and the pin comment below, you can try it out completely free to start. Seriously, we've been using Highle lately, and before we used High Level, I had to spend well over $1,000 a month on all the different softwares like the landing page builder, the email marketing software, the call scheduling software, webinar softwares, etc., etc. And GoHighle has it allin one. Plus, their customer service is amazing. So, if you're a beginner, I absolutely recommend High Level because you don't have to deal with complicated tech stuff and it's super easy to use. And I even know people making over a million dollars a month that are using High Level. Plus, I've got an exclusive link down in the description in the pin comment below which will give you a free trial so you can mess around with it without spending a dime. So, if you want to try it out, there's a link in the description in the pin comment below. And you can use this to collect emails, you can use it to sell stuff directly on a landing page, or you can use it to get people onto a live webinar or a live workshop with you. So, just wanted to mention that because it is absolutely crucial that you are doing calls to action and you're at the very least collecting people's emails. Now, let's talk about call to action recommendations because as you saw, there's a lot of different calls to action. My three favorites are hit the like button because it's easy to do. It's a repeatable thing that they can do over and over again. Watch another video because you should do this at the end of every single video every single time. And click the link in the description below. These are the ones that you should always have in every single video every single time. However, sometimes you might want to include some of the other ones. And if you are still starting on YouTube, I highly recommend telling people to subscribe as well because again, if you have more people subscribe to you, that's going to increase your social proof and therefore people are going to be more likely to watch your videos. And if it makes sense contextually with the type of video that you're making, you should be telling them to comment below or share the video as well. So, you'll see on my main channel that sometimes I will tell people to comment and share the video, too. And this is especially true if there's a good reason for them to comment or share the video. So, we'll have some good reasons pop up on the screen right now. And like I said, it's especially effective for people to comment on the video if it's a little bit of a controversial topic. Now that we know how to actually create a script, how can we make the script more valuable? Well, one thing you can do is add real data that supports your topic. So, let's talk about researching for script content. Now, this is not researching video ideas. This is research to help you write scripts and provide valuable content to your audience. Now, the places that you'll do research about your topics will be different depending on your niche, but here are the sources that you want to look into to find really good places to research. First of all, subreddits and articles. I found that you can find really good information on various different subreddits across the internet. And the reason for this is because a lot of people who are experts on the subject or they're fanatics about the subject gather in these different subreddits and they can share really good anecdotes or pearls of wisdom or best practices or other places that are really good for doing research on the subreddits. And then additionally, you might find really good articles in certain places. Just as an example, I found that CNBC make it is a really good place for researching stuff about personal finance. And you might also find really good authors on Medium. So, like I said, this is going to be different for every single niche out there, and you have to find the good subreddits for your niche. Now, the next one is pretty obvious, books, right? So, there's various different books on the subject, books that are related to your niche. And you can use these books for researching various different topics. So, here's some books that I really like. Expert Secrets by Russell Brunson, The One Thing, and Deep Work by Cal Newport. Now, additionally, you can find really good content on social media. There are different communities within Twitter or X where you might find really good content on various different niches. Additionally, you might have paid or unpaid newsletters that offer cutting edge knowledge and really good perspectives. Substack is a place where you can find paid newsletters and you can also find really good unpaid newsletters from experts on a place like X or LinkedIn. Additionally, you can find really good information on YouTube, of course, although it's not recommended to copy your competitors because you want to bring new value to the table. You don't want to be a cheap ripoff of your competitors. Another really good place you can find great information is forums. So, just as an example, Student Doctor Network is a forum that I probably spent hundreds if not thousands of hours on when I was a pharmacy student and when I was going to pharmacy school and I found invaluable information on Student Doctor Network. So, if I was making content on that particular subject, I would absolutely use Student Doctor Network. And you can do the same thing for your niche. Find forums that are really good, provide really high quality information, and use that for doing research on your topics. And then additionally, you can use AI. So, one of my favorite AIs obviously is Claude for actually writing, but you can also use Claude for researching the topic. You can ask it for recommendations on books, recommendations on really good blogs or really good articles or good newsletters, etc., etc. Additionally, Grock is really good, especially if it's news-based content. So, if you're trying to find the most up-to-date information on a particular topic, Grock can be a really good example. And then ChatGpt Pro, in my opinion, is the absolute best on doing deep research on a topic. Now, ChatGpt Pro is very expensive. Right now, it's about $200, but a week from now, there might be another AI that comes out that's even better than ChatGpt Pro. So, you kind of just have to figure out which AI does the best job when it comes to deep research and then use that AI. Claude is still pretty good. And if there was only one AI tool that I could use for the rest of my life, at least at this point, it would be Claude. Additionally, another really good place, especially for finding anecdotes or extremely niche information, is podcasts. So, an example of a really good podcast is My First Million. I'm a big fan of this podcast. They basically bring people on and they interview them about how they made their first million dollars. And the crazy thing is is there will be these massive fads that happen and a lot of the time the really niche podcasts will have already talked about the fad like a year or two before it gets really popular. So a lot of the time these podcasts are cutting edge and the same thing goes with forums and subreddits. Just as an example, Monk Mode and Dopamine Detox got really big on Reddit before it got big on YouTube. All right, so now let's talk about seven pro tips for writing better YouTube scripts. And the first one is specificity. And basically what you want to do here is be more specific and deep with the topic that you've chosen, right? Get personal, do some research, connect with the audience, and avoid crappy Buzzfeed like listicles. So just as an example, in my niche on my main channel, I help people get remote jobs. And oftentimes when it comes to finding the job listings, I will use Google jobs. When it comes to finding exact data on how much that job makes, I like to use glass door because basically the way they aggregate that data is they have thousands and thousands of people report their income and then they give the average of those income reports. So, in my opinion, it's the most accurate data you can get on the internet. And then I might also look up how many job postings are available on LinkedIn. And this is a great way to tell how much demand there is for that particular job, right? So, I like to get as specific as possible and I like to find these different resources for getting as specific as possible with my information and my content. Additionally, add A-roll or B-roll to your content. And the crazy thing is you can actually write this into the script. So, just as an example here, A-roll is when you're shown in the video. So, that's the main camera that's looking directly at you. B-roll is when you're not being shown in the video, but viewers can still hear you. So, this is where you might have a meme pop up or a clip from a movie or an animation or something like that. And alternating between these two can really help with retention. And this is something that script writers can help with by putting references and information in the script. So, script writers can actually direct the video editor on what they want shown on the screen. And again, this is something that AI cannot do and it's something that adds a massive amount of value to your video and to your audience. Next is minimizing repetition. So repeating things is not bad, just try to minimize it, right? Overdoing it is annoying on a YouTube video. And a good analogy for this is a pinch of salt enhances the flavor, but too much ruins the dish. And I guess this is the same for almost everything that I talk about in this video. Next is adding intentional flare. And flare is not a form of B-roll necessarily. It's basically just doing creative stuff, right? Doing things that people don't expect. Another way of thinking about this is as a pattern interrupt, right? Right? So, you want to do things that other people aren't doing in your niche. So, an example of this could be creating sketches on a pad, including memes, including comedy, and basically just doing things that they don't often see in your niche. And what this does is it causes a dopamine hit. It causes people to continue watching your video, and it makes your content more memorable, right? So, add a little bit of flare to your content. Again, right, just a pinch. You don't want to dump the whole salt bottle, but adding a little bit of flare to your content can really make you stand out. Next is intellectual property. So this especially applies to you if you're creating educational content. So you want to come up with things that are completely new or if they aren't new, say them in a new way. So this is basically where you bring completely new value to YouTube and your videos. No one else in your niche has talked about this or no one else has said it in the same way that you are saying it. So an example of doing this is basically talking about something that other people have talked about but using an analogy for it. So, an example of analogy is me talking about putting a little bit of salt on something instead of dumping the entire salt shaker. Right? That's an example of an analogy. And you've probably heard people say that, you know, you don't want to do too much of something. You just want to do just enough. But chances are you've never heard that analogy of putting just a little bit of salt on your meal, which enhances it versus if you dump the entire salt shaker onto your meal, it would actually ruin it. Right? That's an example of me bringing new value to the table and me bringing an analogy that you've probably never heard before. That's intellectual property. Then overall, you just want to make sure that you're getting a density of dopamine hits. Okay? You want to be insightful. You want to be surprising. You want to be entertaining a little bit. You want to make viewers feel excited about the new things coming up in your video. And pattern interrupts are a great way to do this. Another thing you can do is talk about the perceived investment in your video. and not just invest a lot of time, but actually let your audience know how much time you've invested. So, how can you do this? Well, invest a good amount of time in researching about your topic or at least make your audience think that you did. You could talk about how you read 50 books to learn the concepts that you're going to teach. You could show some level of difficulty in creating the video or the subject itself and how this video will make that subject easy and save them time. So an example of number one which is research effort is I could say that I did 50 pages of research in order to make this video or I spent 112 hours researching this video. An example of knowledge acquisition is saying something like I spent 13 years of studying YouTube in order to tell you exactly what's important and what's not important in this video or I read 50 different books on investing and I'm going to distill all that information into this video. And then third is complexity and simplification. You could say something like, "I collected data on thousands of different YouTubers and I crunched the numbers and I did an entire study just to tell you what the best call to action is." Which is true. I have done that. And then for all three of these, you can emphasize the simplification, right? You did all the hard work. You acquired all the knowledge. You went through all the hard stuff so that you could simplify it for them. Right? So, making sure that people know the perceived investment and the perceived work that you put into the video and how much time, effort, and money it's going to save them can be incredibly important. And that's something that you should emphasize throughout your video. Now, great information makes your video valuable, but what makes it memorable are stories. So, here's how great storytelling helps your script. So, storytelling is unbelievably powerful. And one of the main reasons is because our brains think in stories. And if you don't believe me, I'll just tell you right now, don't think about a purple elephant. Okay? Don't, whatever you do, do not think about a purple elephant. Well, chances are you are thinking about a purple elephant right now. Even though I told you not to think about it, you're thinking about one now. Definitely do not think about a purple elephant balancing on a ball. Okay? Do not think about that. Okay? So, I think you get my point. You were definitely thinking about a purple elephant balancing on a ball even though I told you not to. And our brain works the same way. you quite literally, if I were to tell you a story right now, especially if I gave you vivid details about it, you couldn't stop yourself from envisioning or creating a video of the story in your brain. And you know, if you think about when you were a little kid and your mom and your parents were trying to drive a point home, instead of telling you to not do something or telling you to do something, they would tell you a story, right? So, it's kind of like the little boy who cried wolf, right? Right? Our parents tell these stories to us because they want to illustrate a story, right? They want to illustrate a point in the form of a story. And because of that, we remember it. And that is the power of storytelling. And it's not just for kids. It's for grown-ups as well. Storytelling is an unbelievably powerful tool. And I'll be the first to admit that I don't do enough storytelling. like I should absolutely do more because every time you tell stories, first of all, you help people learn things, right? It helps significantly with driving in a point that you're trying to drive in, which gives them a significant amount of value because you could be telling them the right point, but if they don't remember it, then you know, what's the point, right? They're just going to forget it. But on top of that, whenever you tell a story, you're essentially gaining real estate in your viewers brains, okay? You're gaining emotional real estate in their brains. That's the best way that I can describe the power of storytelling. You know, conversations that I've had with friends from years ago, I've forgotten almost everything from the conversation. But there's really two things that I'll remember. One, the way that they made me feel, and two, any stories that they told. Right? So, I've had friends in the past, for instance, where, you know, we might have had a conversation, we talked for three hours, and I forget every single thing that we talked about except the stories that they told during the conversation and how those stories made me feel. So, yeah, I mean, I could go on and on about the power of storytelling, but I think you get the point. What you want to do is you, if possible, you want to include vivid imagery, right? So if I was telling a story about a time in my life where I was quite sad, instead of just saying I was sad, I would say something along the lines of, well, first of all, I would actually remember a point in my life where I was sad. And I would say something along the lines of, I remember just walking down the sidewalk and everything just seemed almost pastel colored, like there was almost no color. It was almost just black and white with a tiny little bit of color here and there. And I just felt like this feeling of desperation, right? I just had nowhere to go. I felt like I'd hit rock bottom and I was just walking down the street and my life was pretty much over and I was just stuck in this place on a street that I didn't want to be on in a place that I didn't want to be and I would never be able to get out. Right? So that's kind of like vivid imagery. Um, you know, I talked about the street. I talked about how it was, you know, like the colors were not very good in the street there. Maybe there were a lot of potholes on the street and you know it wasn't a very well-kept street and it was in a place that nobody wanted to be. Just vivid imagery, right? And then when it comes to the emotional connection, you just talk about how you felt at the time, right? Talk about the emotions that were going through your head and the struggles that you were having and basically just things that they could relate to, right? Because so many people go through difficult times. And I think it's just a natural thing to think that you're just like the only person who's ever felt that emotion before. you're the only person who's ever had that problem before. When in reality, chances are 99% of the time, I mean, it's happened literally millions, maybe even billions of times before to other people. Other people have had the exact same thing happen to them. And so, that's actually a kind of a weirdly, it's kind of a good thing when you realize that other people feel the exact same struggles and have felt the exact same emotions as you. Um, because it just just makes you feel less alone, right? and it makes you feel more connected to that person, right? It makes you see them as a human being and not just some talking head on the internet. Okay? So, talk about your emotions. Be a little bit open and transparent and just talk about things that maybe are a little bit embarrassing. And then also, storytelling is great for personal branding because you can basically paint a picture of yourself. paint a picture of what you're all about, what you stand for, what you believe in, and what you had to go through that makes you uniquely positioned to teach whatever you're teaching. And a lot of these things are going to be extremely relatable to people as well. So, yeah, the power of storytelling, guys, I mean, I can't even emphasize like this is one thing like I I do a lot of it, but I should be doing a lot more. Like, I really should try my best to do a lot more, and I don't do enough. Storytelling is how you turn like an abstract concept that's boring and probably unrelatable into reality into something that people can easily remember and relate to and they're going to learn the lesson. And when it comes to stories, you can tell stories about yourself. You can tell stories about people that you know in life or you can tell stories about other people in the world. Maybe people who are at the top of your industry or people who did great things in the past or people who had just like, you know, fantastic events happen to them whether they were good or bad. And honestly, like telling your story is not only incredibly powerful, it's also your moat. It's the one thing that nobody can ever copy and it establishes your brand. Right? the fact that I was $300,000 in student loan debt and I felt like I had a sword just dangling over my head at all times. I I felt like I was carrying a 100 pound backpack at all times with all this debt, right? Uh I felt like I couldn't escape. I felt like I was just going to be stuck um working a nineto-ive job for the rest of my life just to be able to try to pay off all this debt. That is what sets me apart, right? That is the thing that makes me unique. That's something that nobody else can ever copy. They can't copy my story. They can't copy the fact that I was a pharmacist and I worked as a pharmacist during the pandemic. But they also can't copy the fact that I got a doctorate, right? So, you know, you can talk about the things that made that were bad, right? But also talk about the things that were good. Um, just talk about yourself. Like, tell your story. Another thing that people can't copy is the fact that I played probably tens of thousands of hours of Runescape when I was a kid and a teenager, right? So, that's something that I talk about on my channel. And, you know, for other people that played the video game Runescape, that's something they really relate to cuz they probably played the game a lot as well. And, you know, I actually learned a lot from Runescape. It was one of those things where, you know, a lot of people might think that it was a total waste of time. And you know, maybe even at one point I might have thought that it was a total waste of time, but looking back on it, I realized that I learned so much about business from Runescape by buying iron ore and and you know, buying it for like, you know, 95 GP and then selling it for, you know, 110 uh GP and then just doing that over and over again until I got rich from the game. Just basically flipping iron and coal ore over and over again. Um, that's how I learned business, right? Like that's one of the very first places that I ever learned business from. And that's a unique experience. It's something that nobody can ever copy. It's my moat and it's your moat as well. So think back in your life. Think about all the things that you accomplished, all the the bad things that happened to you and talk about those things, right? Share those things with your audience because, you know, I've had a couple people sign up for my program that are pharmacists, right? I've had a couple people sign up for my program that mentioned that uh they played Runescape as well and they just really related to that stuff. So this is the kind of thing that is just going to set you apart. It's your moat. Nobody else can ever copy it. Any other thing you do when it comes to marketing or your content, technically people could copy, right? If you think about it, just about anything else people could copy. But your story is the one thing that literally nobody can ever copy. It's your brand. It's the thing that sets you apart. So this is something that I wish I had done earlier in my YouTube career because it's honestly that important. And even to this day, I don't do it enough and it's something that I need to focus on and do more because, you know, I'm honestly a pretty private person and I don't really like talking too much about myself or my past. I like talking about things, right? I like talking about concepts and ideas and great people from history and other great people in my industry um and how people can get results and I like talking about my clients, but I don't really talk like talking about myself. So, um it's something that I need to work on and it's something that a lot of other people need to work on as well. The power of storytelling is undeniable. Now, let's talk about a basic storytelling structure because depending on what story you're trying to tell, you can use these structures for basic storytelling. You know, the the basic structure is someone's living a normal life or below normal life. Um, a challenge arises, right? So, a problem or a conflict uh disrupts the character's life. They uh overcome the challenge. Um, you know, the character faces and overcomes the challenge. Sometimes they'll overcome the challenge with the help of a mentor or with the help of some kind of thing that they do that helped them overcome the challenge, right? They'll usually give credit to maybe some kind of idea that they had or maybe some type of software they're using or some type of, you know, maybe a supplement they were using or a mentor that they met or something like that. They usually give credit to something like this is the thing that helped me overcome the challenge. And then there's a successful resolution and the character achieves success and resolves the conflict and then they have an improved life. Now going back to the overcoming the challenge thing and having a mentor. This is a very common storytelling structure and you'll notice that in almost all of the movies the main character after they uh after the challenge arises they do meet a mentor, right? So with The Karate Kid, it's Mr. Miyagi. Um with Star Wars and Luke Skywalker, it's Yoda. etc., etc., right? They meet some type of wise mentor who has all the answers. They know they know what the problem is and what the solution is and the mentor helps them overcome it. Okay? So, it doesn't necessarily have to be a person. It could be a thing. For instance, you know, uh you could say that, you know, I was really having a lot of trouble presenting on camera, but then I started using a one-way glass where I basically just or sorry, a one-way mirror where I basically just look in the mirror, but the camera looks straight at me. So I'm basically just looking at myself when I'm presenting, but the camera looks straight at me. And so it's easier for me to present and be charismatic because of that. Right? So in that case, the mentor would be the one-way glass, right? So that's the basic storytelling structure. And you kind of try to remember that, right? You you kind of try to like remember back to before you were having the problem and when you had the problem, how you were able to overcome the problem, uh, and then what your life was like after you solved the problem. Right? Okay, if you tell it like that, usually that's going to be a, you know, an easy kind of way to remember how to tell a story. So, an example of this is when I was young, I found YouTube while randomly browsing forums. And ever since that day, it completely changed my life. I absolutely loved it. But eventually, watching my favorite channels wasn't enough. I wanted to start my own channel. And so, I started my first channel, which was about the video game Runescape. But after uploading video after video, I didn't have any luck. and the channel simply wouldn't grow. And over the years, I started channel after channel and all of them failed. And I was frustrated because it was my dream to be a successful YouTuber ever since I was a kid. So, I looked back and I realized what all the failed channels had in common. The niche sucked or it was good, but it was saturated. So, I started looking for things that I was already good at that I could make videos about as a niche. Aka, I tried to solve problems for the younger version of myself. and I looked for niches that solved real problems for real people. And that's how my first successful channel was born. And ever since that channel, it completely changed my life. I've been able to travel the world. I was able to quit my job. I don't have to worry about debt anymore. And now I can live my dream life traveling the world, doing whatever I want, and I have financial time and location independence and freedom. Right? So that's kind of a story, right? It's a quick, you know, that was kind of an obvious example, but it's a story of, you know, how I started YouTube. Um, YouTube was the mentor in this case, right? I didn't have like a human mentor. YouTube was the mentor. That was the thing that helped me to solve the problem. And uh, yeah, that's an example of me telling a story about myself. Now, an example of me telling a story about a friend is a friend of mine went to college because that's what everyone else was doing and they got a useless degree which landed them in an entry-level job that they could have done without getting a degree in the first place. Right? So now they hated their job. It was entry- level. They felt stuck. They were also, you know, quite deep in student loan debt. But they used their frustration to work on their skills, build a portfolio to prove that they have the skills and get certifications that helped them land a lucrative job in digital marketing. And because of this job, they were able to increase their income. They were able to get a remote job so that they could save a bunch of money not having to travel to work. Plus, they have a lot more options for the types of jobs they can get. And now they have a bright future ahead of them. So that's a story of a friend. You know, you could tell something like that. than a story of someone else. So, I'll just do the example of Carl Icon because he is the one that I kind of discovered the icon method from. And it goes like this. Carl Icon was an average investor for a long time. He wasn't great, but he also wasn't bad. And he made decent money, but he was never going to reach his goals doing what everyone else was doing. So, he came up with his own investing system. He looked at companies that were doing fairly well despite being run terribly. And one thing you would look at is whether an individual or in some cases an entire department served a purpose. And in many cases, they literally wouldn't do anything valuable the entire day. They would just email back and forth or, you know, look at powerpoints and accomplish nothing. And this would tell him that the company had a competitive advantage that was so large that it didn't even need to follow normal business principles. And he would then buy those companies, fix them, and then sell them and make a ton off of the investments. And this is one of the ways that he became well-known in the finance world, right? So this is a pretty cool story of Carl Icon and you know how he was able to become so wellknown. And so these are the three types of stories you can tell. Stories about yourself, stories about other people that you know. It could be your friend, it could be a client, and stories about people. Usually it's kind of top people in your industry or very impressive people or people that had extreme things happen to them. Next is making your script anti-fragile. Now where did I get this word anti-fragile from? Well, I got this from Nasim Talib and this is a very smart guy who wrote the book anti-fragile and basically making your script anti-fragile is extremely important and an anti-fragile script is designed to withstand changes, edits and unexpected circumstances without breaking the flow or quality of the final video. And unlike fragile scripts that fall apart when modified, anti-fragile scripts become stronger and more adaptable through flexibility. So an example of this kind of an analogy is there is this uh building in the country of Taiwan that basically has this giant ball. It's like a 660 ton pendulum that protects Taiwan's tallest building from earthquakes. And basically there's a lot of buildings like this and there's a lot of ways to be earthquake resistant and this is one of the smartest ways I've seen. And you want to make your scripts like this as well because chances are, especially if someone else makes your script for you. It's not going to be perfect, right? It's you're not going to see it and just be like, "Oh, this is the most perfect script in the world. Everything is absolutely perfect about it." There's likely going to be a few changes that need to be made. Even if you make your script yourself, a lot of the times, you know, in the editing process or even when it posts to YouTube, you'll be thinking to yourself, "Oh, I wish I would have done this and I wish I would have done that and it would have been better if I did this, etc., et, etc. So, how can you make your script anti-fragile so that you actually catch these things on time and then you can add them at the last moment, sometimes even when you're recording the video? Well, these are the five main ways to make your script antifragile. First of all, create more content than you need. This is one of the most clever methods and it's one of the thing that I remember I told one of my clients this and because he was telling me he had a problem with his script writers. they would put stuff that he didn't like and then you know he just wouldn't like it and you know he'd get really mad at them and you know he was really frustrated and I was like why don't you just have your script writers put a few extra pieces in the script so that if one or two of them you don't like you just have extra ones and so you can just choose those other ones and he was just like oh wow yeah I could definitely do that right so this is kind of like the extra method so let's just say hypothetically you're creating a top 10 list what you can do is you can research and write maybe 13 to 15 items or you can have your script writers research and write 13 to 15 items. And this gives the talent freedom to choose what resonates most with them, right? And the talent in this case would be you. So an example of this would be nine boring but highpaying remote jobs always hiring in 2025. And you can actually see that even though it's nine, there were 11 items on the script, right? So there's an extra few items. So, my team and I have this down to a science now because we've been doing these videos for so long. But before, I'd usually have them do an extra three to five items. So, there's only an extra two this time, but if you're not extremely confident, have them do an extra five. And you might be thinking, well, Shane, this is great if you're making listical style content, but what if I'm making a how-to or a step-by-step guide? Well, that's another thing is essentially everything is a listicle. So, you want to make the pieces of your how-to video or your step-by-step guide in such a way where if you were to skip one or if you were to substitute one, it wouldn't break the entire script. And we're going to get into exactly how to do that here in a minute. But this is extremely important to keep in mind is first of all, everything is listical essentially. And second of all, and second of all, you want to make the video and the script in such a way where if you were to take something out or if you were to replace something, it wouldn't make that much of a difference. So create more content than you need. Now, there's a bunch of different ways to do this. I used to take this to an extreme where I would create extremely long scripts where I just talked about almost every possible thing that you could talk about when it comes to a job. And then during the video, I would just pick which ones I'm gonna talk about, right? I would pick which pieces that I'm going to talk about and which pieces that I'm going to highlight. And you can do this as well. Um, it's something where you can kind of just, you know, especially if you're testing things out, it's better to have more information than less information. But of course, I stopped doing this when I figured out the things that actually mattered and the things that I thought were really important. And I started having my script writers just put that stuff. But yeah, the big point here is create more content than you need. This is the number one secret to making your content anti-fragile. Now the next secret is use modular structure. Make your content in such a way where it basically fits together like a Lego block. And you can take, you know, the red Lego block and put it all the way down under the yellow Lego block, right? You can put it together in any way that you want. It doesn't really matter what order you put it in, right? So each section should be self-contained but connected to the overall theme. And if one section is removed or replaced or moved around, the remaining content still flows naturally. For example, if I put this section about making the script anti-fragile before the storytelling subtopic, it would still make sense. Now, another thing is to avoid rigid numbering. So try not to number your sections in a way that creates obvious gaps if something is skipped. uh use flexible transitions instead of sequence dependent language. So a bad example of this would be uh as we saw in point number three, right? And that creates a problem if point number three is cut out. And try to create flexible transitions. So write transitions that can work between any two sections. Avoid transitions that reference specific previous points and use bridge phrases that can connect any content pieces. Now, additionally, let's say you are very picky about your introductions. One thing that we would do on our channel, this is something I recommend to my clients as well, is instead of having your script writers write just one introduction and then you don't like it half the time, right? Like 50% of the time you're like, I don't like this introduction. Instead, just have them write three to five different introductions and then just choose which one you like the most. Right? All right. So, you can just read the introductions and while you're filming the video, you can just read which one you like the most and then just like, you know what, number three and number five are both really good. So, you know, look at them again. You know what? I think I'm going to do number five. Okay. Then you just read that introduction. Now, another few things to note about creating multiple intros is it allows you to test out different approaches. It creates flexibility for different platforms and you can make direct straightforward intros, story-based and anecdotal intros, and question or curiosity based intros. And then you can just choose later on down the line which one you like the best. So sometimes you might actually record all three and then your team or you can choose which one you like the best. And another really amazing thing you can do, not enough people take advantage of this, is giving instructions during recording. So basically, if something happens during recording, let's say, you know, I made these slides and I didn't like the slide for like something about the slide I didn't like, I could tell the video editor, hey, cut out the live example at this point and put something else like put the sentence, you can change the slide to make it anything you want in post-prouction. Okay, so I'm basically telling the editor to do that right now, right? So, cut out the live example and put the sentence um that I just said, right? And you can give that instruction to the editor and they could either just edit the slide and then put that into the video or they can just make the edit directly on the video itself. So, all the time if you know I have a PowerPoint slide or I have a script and I realize there's something else that could be done even better, there are many many times where I will just talk out loud and I'll give instructions during the recording. Sometimes I might even, you know, say, "Oops." Yeah, keep that part in. Sometimes I might even, you know, record something. So, I might like record the the screen in front of me. Um, and, you know, if I think that that would add value to the video. Or sometimes I might tell them to put, you know, some type of B-roll from a different video that I've talked about into the video. Or I might even tell them to put a cut scene from a different video that I talked about into the video. Right? So I might tell them to put B-roll from one of my best videos on the channel like the most useless degrees. And then they might do that, you know, as I'm talking. Or I might tell them to put a cut scene uh from one of the best videos on my channel like the most useless degrees. Just put a really quick cut scene on of that video, maybe the intro from it for instance. Happening guys, it's Shane here. So, I posted a video the other day on how you can choose the best college degree for you. And they can do that. They can put it right into the video. And I'm basically just giving instructions for them to do it. And then another thing is even if you're done recording, if you think of something, sometimes you can go back, re-record that part, add something to the part, cut something out, right? Nothing stopping you from doing that. And especially if you make your content anti-fragile so that if you do take a part out, it still works and it doesn't make the whole video collapse, then that's totally fine, right? So these are all ways of making your script writing process anti-fragile so that even if something happens, something goes wrong, which invariably something will go wrong, you can rescue it, right? Another thing I do, and I guess this isn't script writing technically to make my content anti-fragile, is I have two different audio sources. I have an audio source here and an audio source there. And so if one doesn't work, then chances are the other works. Okay. So I I, you know, it's a great book, anti-fragile. Um I try to, you know, apply it in in many different areas uh of my life. Um and yeah, this is one of them. Script writing and recording. And that is basically how you write a full script, guys. But what if I don't have time to do it myself? Okay. Well, you're in luck because I have methods that will give you freedom from writing your own scripts. Let's talk about some advanced script writing methods. Now, this is typically going to be for business owners, uh, or it's going to be for people who really want to take YouTube seriously, right? Um, so you'll likely want to hire people to fill this position because it can be timeconuming and your mind is of better use doing other more important things. Okay? So, this is not an easy position to hire for, but I figured out a system that makes this simple. So, basically, you have two different options. Okay? Option one is to hire a good copywriter that's also a subject matter expert. And this is what Iman Godzi did for instance. So he basically hired a world-class copywriter who's also a subject matter expert on the type of content that he makes. And this is the guy who writes his scripts. I think he even has like several guys writing his scripts like this. Okay, this is very difficult to find. you're probably going to have to pay this person hundreds of thousands of dollars a year, at least like six figures a year because if they were just as good as you are at the subject and they can also write really well, why wouldn't they just make their own content, right? You know what I mean? Like it it just it would make a lot more sense for them to do that. But you can find people like this if you get really lucky. With that being said, I don't like to rely on luck. I like to be anti-fragile. And so, let's talk about the pros of this one really quick. Uh you'll probably make the best content with this method. The cons are everything else, right? You'll have to pay the copywriter 100,000 a year. Uh, requires more quality control. You have to read it word for word. It's also very difficult to find script writers with the correct skill set and experience. This method might be better if you have like a mini documentary style channel like Jake Tran, James Janney, or Horses. However, generally, I don't recommend this system unless your business is making at least $1 million a year and you get most of your leads from YouTube already. Instead, what I recommend is hiring copywriters from the Philippines. Hire a writer that loves YouTube and then teach them your niche. Chances are they are not going to be a subject matter expert. They are not going to know everything about your niche. However, if you hire someone who's good at copywriting and they like to watch YouTube, right? And this is a key question that I always ask people. I always ask them, "Hey, what is your favorite social media platform?" And you wouldn't believe how many people don't say YouTube even though they're applying to a YouTube job, right? A lot of people will be like, "Oh, well, I like Facebook or Instagram or Tik Tok or whatever, right?" I'm like, "Oh, okay. What's your second favorite?" And sometimes they don't they still don't say YouTube. It's amazing. But you want to hire a writer that loves YouTube and binge watches it because if they watch a lot of YouTube, they're going to know what good content looks like and therefore they're going to know how to make good content. Okay? and you know hire someone who has a base skill set of either writing or copywriting. Now this is very affordable. They're relatively fast to train. You can almost 100% automate this process using the anti-fragile methods that I talked about before. And it's easy to find people with this skill set. Okay. Now, where to hire? Facebook groups um and communities. This is a great place to hire. Uh there's a lot of Philippines-based like copywriting Facebook groups and communities. Another one is this website onlinejob.ph. When I first started, this is where I hired people. I hired tons of people off of online jobs.ph. And I still hire people for my clients off of online jobs.ph. But yeah, this and Facebook groups are a good place to start. Once you have some people on your team, a really good place to hire is from referrals or through your network. Okay? So basically just asking people on your team, hey, do you know somebody who's good at script writing? Do you know somebody who's good at video editing, etc., etc. And then using your team to hire more good people, right? And you can also offer them a referral incentive if the person ends up staying with you for over 3 months. Okay? So these are the three best ways of hiring. Facebook groups, Facebook is huge in the Philippines. There's lots of Facebook groups that have copywriters or script writers or just writers in general. Um, also online jobs.ph and then referrals and network. And honestly, this method is going to be best for like 99.9% of creators. Um, the first method is only good if you're making like a ridiculous amount of money already. So, how do I do this? Well, for solo creators, it's you and you might do the idea generation, the quality control, and the recording. And then the script writers is going to write the entire script. Okay? So, that's that's how you do it when you first start. Now, this is one of the hardest non-leershers positions to hire for, but using my method, it becomes a lot easier. You will have to train them for this position 99% of the time. It's almost impossible to find someone that's like plug-and-play ready, but it's worth it as it will save you a lot of time. Then small team. This means it's going to be you. You'll talk to the creative director, right? So, you probably are going to come up with the idea generation. I suppose that's optional. The creative director can eventually do that, but you are going to be recording generally speaking. And then the creative director, uh, they do the idea generation, the quality control, the overall creative direction, and then the script writer writes the entire script. Right? So, those are basically the two ways of doing it. Now, you're probably going to start off just you talking to the script writer. Maybe the script writer develops into a creative director. Who knows? And then eventually, once you have a bit a bit of a bigger team, you're going to want to hire a creative director that can kind of oversee the process. They can oversee the video editors and the script writers to make sure that everything just flows very smoothly. um the video editors and the script writers are on the same page and the end product ends up really good. And the ideal situation is for you to just record. This is where I am right now with my first channel. I'm only working about 1 to four hours per week just to record videos for my first channel. That's it, right? U there was a time very recently where I think I worked about 6 hours in a two-month period on my first channel. And it actually grew. It actually was making more money per day and per month at the end of that two months than when I was actually working on it. It grew without me, which is amazing. Okay, so um yeah, this is the ideal situation that you want to be in. Is it something that you can do right away? Kind of depends, right? If you work with me and my team, we can help you set this up right away. Book a call down in the description in the pin comment below. Uh but if you try to do this yourself, usually it's going to take quite a bit of time to get this dialed in. Now, how do you find the right script writer? Look for someone that has YouTube channels but are not necessarily successful uh yet they still make good content. This is a really big pro tip. Um look for someone who is from your audience, right? Because if they're from your audience, they're going to understand your content better. Look for someone who has worked for other YouTube channels. This is another one that is a big green flag. Uh look uh for someone who's a copywriter or a script writer or a writer from the Philippines. Copywriter is preferred. And then look for people that are excellent at creative writing and storytelling that also enjoy your niche. And then ask them this, what's their favorite platform, right? And hopefully they're going to say YouTube. And then also ask them who are their favorite YouTubers. And ideally, it's not 100% necessary, but ideally it would be best if they said educational YouTubers. If they don't, that's fine, but then ask them who are their favorite educational YouTubers. And then hopefully, you know, they have some stuff in common and they can like speak about these people and why they like these people in detail, right? This is how I found my creative director. You know, I asked him who were his favorite YouTube channels and I asked him who were his favorite educational YouTube channels and he talked about a lot of the same channels that I knew and he was able to describe what he liked about those channels in detail. Okay, so that is a very very good sign when that happens. But there is another system which is hiring other talent for your channel. And this is basically where you completely remove yourself from content creation. Now this is quite rare. Uh I've had two or three clients that have done this because they wanted to do it. One of them actually two of them did it because they wanted to sell their company and they wanted to completely remove themsel. Usually, it's a good idea for you to record your own content because you build up that personal brand, which is a super powerful thing, which you can use to I mean, just do whatever you want. I mean, it's just incredibly powerful to have a big personal brand. Think Media is an example of a channel that has done this uh successfully. Okay, so let's let's talk about Think Media and how they've done this. Well, this is Sean Canel, the channel owner, and uh he hired a bunch of people to make the videos for him. So you can see, you know, there's the guy on the left, the guy in the middle, then the girl on the right, and I think there's even more than that. And, you know, sometimes Sean Canel makes his own videos, but he hired a bunch of these people to make the videos for him. So, he completely outsourced himself. So, he technically doesn't have to make the videos for his own channel at all anymore. But there's a bit of a problem with this. First of all, the channel is called Think Media and not Sean Canel. So his personal brand isn't as strong because of the fact that the channel name isn't Sean Canel or Sean's YouTube tips or something like that, right? And that's a little bit of a problem. And then the second big problem, and this is a massive risk, something like this can happen. This guy actually departed from Think Media and he started his own channel and became a competitor of Think Media, right? So you basically build like like what Sean did is he built this guy's brand up. you know, this guy wasn't well known and he literally built this guy's brand up and then the guy left and became his competitor, right? So, he started his own channel and now he's a competitor to Think Media. So, this is a big problem and you know, you've seen we've seen this a hundred times like why I left BuzzFeed, why I left Vox, right? You've seen this uh a bunch of people um leave like news channels sometimes and start their own thing and so the news channel basically built them up, built their personal brand and then they leave and they take most of their fans with them, right? And so that is a huge huge problem of having other people as the talent on your channel. This is something you need to be very very careful of. Now one thing you can do is have multiple people. It's a terrible idea to only have one person as the talent for your channel. that's like a recipe for disaster unless that person maybe has equity in in stock of your company or something. Uh, generally speaking, it's a terrible idea to have that person as the uh the face of your your channel. Having multiple is is way better. But with that being said, there's still risk even there. So, generally, I don't recommend doing this for 99% of channels uh just because having a personal brand has way more advantages and way less disadvantages. And yeah, that's basically how you write and produce a script effectively that will make you more money from YouTube while working less hours. Now, let me show you how to actually do it by doing it myself. It's demonstration time. So, I'm going to hop into the computer. I'm going to disappear because I'm going to be, you know, have my head buried in the computer and I am going to show you step by step exactly how to do this. And I'm literally going to make a script myself. Now, I may cut forward in time a little bit, you know, because sometimes, you know, if you prompt Claude, it might take a minute or two to actually write the prompt. So, I may cut forward in time just for the sake of time. I don't want this video to go too long. But, yeah, we're going to jump into the computer right now. All right. So, let's start off with this demonstration. But before everything else, you need to understand that every great script begins with a compelling title that draws viewers in, right? So, you have your video idea, which we have right here, and you want to use existing successful content as inspiration. So, for me, I'll be using nine boring but high-paying remote jobs, always hiring in 2025 because I know that this has worked before. It's existing content. If you don't have any content up, you would want to find something that you either know works for your channel or you can use the icon method to find a really good idea that's very likely to work for your channel. Of course, I've done lots of trainings on how to find video ideas and the icon method. So, check out the other trainings for that. Then, create a title that's specific, valuable, and attentiongrabbing. An example here is nine boring but ultra highpaying remote jobs in 2025. Step two is to set up your project knowledge base. So before generating the content, you want to establish your knowledge base in cloud. So go to cloud, go to projects in cloud, create a new project. For me, I'll name it script assistant. And by the way, I'm going to be skipping ahead a little bit here because I don't want you to have to like watch all the in between stuff. Then add relevant knowledge to your project. So your content philosophy, client testimonials, content structure preferences if you have it. Now, additionally, with my main channel, we do have kind of like some intellectual property where we basically come up with a system to figure out which jobs have the most demand. And this is a system where we basically counted all the job postings. And because of this, we're able to consistently put jobs on our videos that do have a lot of demand and are hiring for remote jobs. So if you have a list like that in this case, that would be very useful. and then sample transcripts from successful videos. So, one thing I'll note here is if you're using the icon method to find the video, you do not want to use the transcript from that video because by definition, that video is bad, right? That's why you chose the video because it's bad. So, you don't want to use a transcript from that video. Instead, you'd want to use a transcript from an inspiration video. So, in this particular case, I'm going to be using the nine boring but high-paying remote jobs always hiring in 2025. That's the inspiration video cuz it worked on my channel already. So, I'm literally just showing you what we do for our channel. And then also add any specialized knowledge relevant to your topic. So, I'll just go ahead and add everything real quick. Step three, you want to craft your context goal prompt context section. So, tell Claude who you are and what you're working on. For example, I'm a YouTube script writer within the niche of remote jobs and make money online specializing in remote jobs. I'm working on a script for a video entitled Nine Boring but Highpaying Remote Jobs 2025. My content style is informative yet casual, often incorporating pop culture references to make complex topics more relatable and understandable. Then with the goal section, you want to clearly state what you want to accomplish. So my primary goal is to write a video script about boring but ultra highpaying remote jobs. I need the script to be written in a way that encourages audience retention using hooks, open loops, anecdotes, and other methods to keep the audience watching. The script should balance being informative and entertaining, similar to the style of Graham Stefen. Then make your specific request. Please create a new and unique script for my video nine boring but ultra highpaying remote jobs 2025 which is over 10 minutes long and provides deep value. Additionally, please take the sample in the project knowledge titled your inspiration video from my own channel and use that as a template for the tone and feel of the script. Step four, generate a list of topics first. Now before writing the full script, have Cloud generate a list of potential topics. So add to your prompt CGP. give me first the list of nine remote jobs plus five extra so I can pick and choose then review cloud suggestions then edit the list as needed adding that you must include items. So an example for me I want to include financial controller because that's a boring but high-paying job. So I'll add that to the list as the first one. If you're not aware financial controller is basically a very highle accounting job. Now step five is to create an outline. Once you have your list ask to structure the content. Uh, so you might say, "Please create the best possible outline for my video, nine boring but ultra high paying remote jobs 2025, which is over 10 minutes long and provides deep value. Use this list for the script." Then you would paste your edited list here. Now again, you can have it come up with the list or you can add your own pieces of the list as well. It really just depends on what you want. and how much of your input you want in the list. Step six is generate the full script. Now that you have an outline, have Claude write the script. But for now, let's just focus on the first item, financial controller. Next, tell Claude, "Can you write this script for me based on the outline?" Step seven, verify and enhance with research. So don't rely solely on AI generated content, right? Verify and enhance with real data. So one thing I like to do for instance with my niche is I'll check salary information on reliable sites like glass door. So you can search the job title salary glass door us then you can take screenshots of the salary data paste it on the script with its link and that will enhance the script. And one thing that's great is that is something that AI cannot do. Right? So this is a way that you can make your videos more valuable than the average people out there that are just adding AI content to update the script with accurate figures. So you'd basically say whatever it says on glass door. Financial controllers make around $120 to $150,000 per year. Then you'd add job availability data from LinkedIn. So search for the job title on LinkedIn. Screenshot the number of jobs for Financial Controller. Add the accurate information to your script. Then you find a real job posting, right? So you would search for an actual Financial Controller job listing. Now in our case, we kind of have a curated list because we've been doing this for a while. But in this example, um you might search Google Jobs, for instance, right? And then you take a screenshot of the posting. Probably you would want to put one that was posted in the last few days or very recently. And then you can show the requirements and the responsibilities. And you can use this to discuss what the job actually entails. So we can actually paste the screenshot of the job details and let Claude integrate it into the script. But it would take up a lot of credits. So I prefer not doing that. Easier is to just have the screenshot and then just read it. Step eight, add personal touches and testimonials. So, if you want to enhance credibility, use storytelling like we talked about earlier on, which is incredibly powerful, then you want to add personal touches and testimonials as well as stories. So, for our financial controller example, I could give the example of one of my client testimonials. I actually helped out Bill who is a financial controller and he teaches accountants how to become financial controllers. And Bill is actually a highle financial controller who makes over $200,000 a year. And while he admits it's not the most exciting job, right, the compensation absolutely makes it worthwhile. So, I can include a little bit about that into the script. And I might even talk about the fact that I actually coached Bill and helped him build up his YouTube channel and also helped him make money from YouTube. And I might even add in a call to action that if you would like to learn how you can build up your YouTube channel as well, then click the link in the description in the pin comment below to book a demo call. Right? So, that's an example of a CTA right there. You can do that if you'd like. And that's a really clever way of including a story and also integrating a CTA in with it. Then you can share honest insights about the pros and cons of the role. But if you agree with what Claude wrote, then that's good. Now, if you're not sure about the pros and cons of the role, what you can do is just look up things that people have said on Reddit and Twitter. So Reddit is easy enough. You would just look up the job on Reddit. Twitter, it's even easier because you can use Grock to come up with anecdotes, insights, etc. about the job. And Grock has an unfair advantage because of the fact that it knows the Twitter data in real time, right? So it's plugged into the real-time Twitter data and so it's really good for coming up with anecdotes. Step nine is to review and finalize. So for the financial controller section, the script looks like this. An engaging introduction to the role, accurate salary information with visual proof with the glass door screenshot. Job availability data. LinkedIn screenshot. Real job requirements. Job posting screenshot. A personal anecdote about my client Bill. a balanced perspective on why this boring job is worth considering. Then you can just read through this section to ensure it flows naturally and contains all the key information and then move on to step 10, which is repeat for additional sections. Now, once you're satisfied with how the financial controller section turned out, you can go ahead and just do the same exact thing with all of the additional sections. So, typically what you want to do is, especially if you're making a listical style video, make sure one of the sections is perfect, do everything you want in that section, and then just basically repeat that process with all of the other sections. So you return to Claude and ask it to complete the remaining jobs in your list following the same format. You apply the same research process, salaries, job listings, examples, etc. Add your unique voice and perspective throughout and then you're done. That is a full script and that script would be good enough to put up on my main channel. In fact, there's a very good chance that I will use that exact script on my main channel once it's done. So look out for that. Now again, if you want systems, processes, exact prompts, templates, etc., We have that all available for free down in the description and the pin comment below. And if you want to implement this into your existing YouTube channel, if you're an existing YouTuber who wants to either monetize better or build up your team so that you're not doing all the work yourself and streamline things and basically build systems to where you don't have to do that much work, or if you're a business owner who wants to grow and make money on YouTube, then go ahead and book a demo call with me down in the description and the pin comment below and we can help you to effortlessly implement this into your business. Now, additionally, check out this video right here where I talk about how I was able to get my channel to seven figures a year.